
7910154901044	This triggers the release of from adipose fat tissue and breakdown of in muscle tissue . This results in a loss of both fat and lean mass leading to a significant reduction in total body weight . 	For best results use your Medifast Meals as soon as possible and store them in a cool dry clean environment . Can Medifast Meals be consumed after the best_if_used_by date . Use water for all Medifast Meals that require mixing . For specific information refer to our complete list of PDF File . 	0
7920107000914	The buyout of Volvo Cars was announced on and in the following year the acquisition was completed at a price of 6_45 billion . January 28 1998 USD . As a result of the the Volvo is now utilized by two separate companies divestiture trademark a manufacturer of commercial vehicles etc_ owned by Swedish interests . 	Volvo previously DAF 66 Variomatic continuously variable transmission 200 series 360 saloon 1985 model before facelift . The third digit designating the number of doors was dropped from model designations in 1983 . The 343 DLS and GLS were renamed the 360 which arrived that year with two 2_0 litre engine choices the 92 bhp 69 kW B19A and the fuel injected115 bhp 86 kW B19E for the flagship model the 360 GLT . 	0
7930079902118	So even though this food is technically allowed in gd you may want to give it wide berth or test your own response to it gingerly . Other common trigger foods are white rice bagels etc_ as discussed above . For a more detailed list of common trigger foods see the website listed below . 	Nurse practitioners for example should look for courses or course providers who are approved by the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners while psychologists should find courses approved by the American Psychological Association . This is to ensure that courses and activities included in the continuing education program are relevant and duly approved . To encourage quality among its participants these courses can only be credited depending on the extent of the individual is participation in the given activities . 	0
7940181602057	In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . Some states issue a new plate whenever the car is sold . 	Did the violator refuse or fail the test . If the court answers all of the above questions with a yes  then the court affirms the suspension . If the court answers any of the questions with a no  then the court terminates the suspension and gives driving privileges back to the alleged offender . In addition if the court determines the offender is a threat to public safety even if the above questions are answered no  the offender may receive a judicial suspension . 	0
7950128502768	Nevertheless a combination of vision and foreign investment combined with the discovery of gold and a major commitment of America is public and private wealth enabled the nation to develop a large_scale railroad system establishing the base for the country is _ industrialization . 	To be purpose driven is to be driven by God s purposes not our own_ purposes church making disciples forgiveness evangelism 1 . These purposes according to Warren s teaching are found in two verses in the book of . These two passages located in Matthew chapters 22 and 28 are often referred to by Christians worldwide as the and the . 	0
7960017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Only three of the 200 known species of sucking lice infest humans . They are the head louse the body louse and the crab or pubic louse . This tutorial has been prepared by a Certified First Aid Instructor with many years experience teaching first aid CPR and basic life support courses . While the material presented conforms to commonly accepted standards it is not intended to substitute for formalized classroom instruction in first aid as offered by many community groups and organizations . 	0
7970108500217	Since 1978 it has prohibited mandatory retirement in most sectors with phased elimination of mandatory retirement for tenured workers such as college professors in 1993 . Mandatory retirement based on age is permitted for . Executives over age 65 in high policy_making positions who are entitled to a pension over a minimum yearly amount . Pilots 60 years of age and older . 	Employers US Government Announces Policy on Transsexual Applicants . In an interoffice memorandum William R_ Yates Associate Director for Operations of the U_S . Citizenship and Immigration Services CIS announced that in its adjudication of spousal and fianc petitions the agency would not recognize a marriage or intended marriage where either party claims to be a transsexual . 	0
7980174200884	The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . 	All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . 	0
7990017302438	It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . 	What to do when lost in the wilderness and a few ideas of what not to do . Short to_the_point information combined with cute graphics and seriously traumatizing photos . Not for children . 	0
8000017300189	It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . 	Put a small fingernail_sized sample into a plastic bag or ask your vet for a supply of fecal samplers . The vet cannot always get a fecal sample from the dog and this saves you extra trips to return the sample and then bring the dog in if the tests are positive . 	0
8010041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . 	Given the varying speed of infantry cavalry and artillery Ayub is force deployed into combat formation in a coordinated manner . The terrain allowed the irregular infantry and to threaten the British right flank while the British left flank with its wider space for man_euver was ideal ground for cavalry action . 	0
8020041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . 	The Abdali Pashtuns were known thereafter as the Durrani . Ahmad is rise was owing not only to his personality and talents but also to extraordinary luck . His reign coincided with the deterioration of the empires on both sides of Afghanistan_the Mughals to the southeast and the Safavis to the west . 	0
8030010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . Individuals in organizations may find such change troubling . 	Ethnic and special interest group tensions may accelerate as a result of competition for limited resources such as jobs housing and political power definitions and visions of what it means to be American will change and there will be greater differences of opinion about the sources of the nation is present success future potential and most desirable images and symbols Henry 1990 . 	0
8040152500165	In the Cairo dialect for example a heavy syllable may not carry stress more than two syllables from the end of a word hence school Cairo . In the Arabic of stress is often retracted two houses their table desks sometimes their school . In this dialect only syllables with long vowels or diphthongs are considered heavy in a two_syllable word the final syllable can be stressed only if the preceding syllable is light and in longer words the final syllable cannot be stressed . 	However it is not difficult to get a decent estimate of a product is impacts using life cycle analysis . LCA software tools already exist and many major companies use them already such as HP 3M and Toyota . Alternatively a government organization probably in the EU may create standards that product companies must comply with just like food nutrition labels . 	0
8050119600081	After moving with her husband to Washington D_C Burnett wrote the novels 1879 1880 1881 and 1883 as well as a play 1881 written with . Haworth is Louisiana A Fair Barbarian Through One Administration Esmeralda William Gillette . In 1886 she published . It was originally intended as a children is book but had a great appeal to mothers . It created a fashion of long curls based on her son Vivian is and velvet suits with lace collars based on s attire . The book sold more than half a million copies . 	Frank Podmore Society for Psychical Research Harry Price National Laboratory of Psychical Research conjurers John Nevil Maskelyne Davenport Brothers Harry Houdini 12 . Ph_to published 1904 . William Crookes . Despite widespread fraud the appeal of Spiritualism was strong . Prominent in the ranks of its adherents were those grieving the death of a loved one . One well known case is that of who grieving the loss of her son organized s ances in the which were attended by her husband President . The surge of interest in Spiritualism during and after the and was a direct response to the massive casualties . Mary Todd Lincoln White House Abraham Lincoln 9 American Civil War World War I 13 . 	0
8060024501697	The region is distinct from the rest of Africa with some of its main including platinum diamonds gold and uranium but it is similar in that it shares some of the problems of the rest of the continent . While has left its mark on the development over the course of history today and are some of the biggest factors impeding economic growth . 	Omer_Cooper John D London . Longman 1966_The Zulu Aftermath . A Nineteenth_Century Revolution in Bantu Africa . Ottaway David New York . Time Books 1993_Chained Together . Mandela De Klerk and the Struggle to Remake South Africa . Ottaway Marina Washington . Brookings Institution 1993_South Africa . The Struggle for a New Order . Peires Jeffrey B Bloomington . Indiana University Press 1989_The Dead Will Arise . Nongqawuse and the Great Xhosa Cattle_Killing Movement of 1856_7 . Peires Jeffrey B Perspectives on Southern Africa No . 32 . Berkeley . University of California Press 1982_The House of Ph_lo . A History of the Xhosa People in the Days of Their Independence . Price Robert M New York . 	0
8070017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . A big caveat breed traits are not computed scientifically and are thus not quite subject to the laws of Statistics . 	0
8080010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . Thus in an international perspective managers must assess diversity differently depending on which nation or nations in which they find themselves . 	The net result of these demographic changes is that the United States is becoming a more pluralistic society than it has ever been . Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . 	0
8090010800257	Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . 	0
8100017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . Another excellent source for a purebred dog is from a rescue organizations run by various clubs across the country . 	0
8110010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . 	0
8120010801758	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	I have a hard time with linear discussions . To say it mildly I do not fit the type of person that you would think would or should work for a chemical company let alone be involved in Research and Development . When I joined BASF many years ago I was very worried as to how I would be accepted by my co_workers and management . 	0
8130150900770	The shard inside Janis is even undetectable by Kagome . Janis joins the others in a quest to return the Kamuitama to the one who previously bore the power a god known as Datara . Only then will she be able to remove the shard and rid herself of the power that makes her a target for demons . 	The time delay allows us time to prepare for the event . A recent development is that as of Season Six Ranma 1 2 tapes will contain 3 episodes per tape_ nother aspect of our re_launch is a simultanious DVD release of Season Six . Box sets of earlier seasons will start coming out later this year_ here is a DVD release of the first 36 episodes that were dubbed . 	0
8140011900139	And beyond the Oval One is a consciousness that embraces all of the Oval Ones known as The One . Our channel recently accessed the 4000th dimension . Her first question to the consciousness at this dimension was Is there something beyond this? and the reply was Of course . 	Cite this Page . The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
8150017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . 	0
8160017302438	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . The following items were included in a first aid kit that the Cincinnati Veterinary Medical Association gave to police dog handlers at a recent workshop . A home first aid kit needs many of the same items . Dog Owner is Guide article . 	0
8170150902394	The shard inside Janis is even undetectable by Kagome . Janis joins the others in a quest to return the Kamuitama to the one who previously bore the power a god known as Datara . Only then will she be able to remove the shard and rid herself of the power that makes her a target for demons . 	She tells Kagome the story of Kikyo and Inu Yasha two lovers who were tricked by a man Naraku and pitted against each other for a powerful item known as the . By tricking them Naraku was able to make them betray each other which resulted in Kikyo death and Inu Yasha eternal slumber on the sacred Goshinboku tree . 	0
8180017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This is the reference for the AKC breed standards each of which covers several pages and includes a black and white photograph and text on the breed is history characteristics and nature . Newly admitted breeds such as the Shar_Pei have been added to this edition . 	0
8190174200884	The Finger Lakes differ from many other wine regions in that the vintners have been working the land for many years and are not wealthy dilettantes out for one_upmanship with their country club friends . When I visited the region in late October there was a freezing rain and some snow and they were picking grapes . Fred Frank Dr_ Franks grandson told me when the weather is basically the same year after year a winemaker can get complacent . 	I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
8200017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Do you have a litter available . If not when are you planning one? If a litter is not presently available ask if when they are next planning to show their dogs in your area . If you can go this is a golden opportunity to observe the structure and temperament of the dogs they breed . 	0
8210174200884	The Finger Lakes differ from many other wine regions in that the vintners have been working the land for many years and are not wealthy dilettantes out for one_upmanship with their country club friends . 	They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . 	0
8220174202922	The Finger Lakes differ from many other wine regions in that the vintners have been working the land for many years and are not wealthy dilettantes out for one_upmanship with their country club friends . 	If you have been paying attention you have probably noticed me raving about the at Lake Las Vegas a beautiful upscale resort perched on the scenic lake about 25 miles east of town . It offers unparalleled service amenities and luxury all in a setting that will make you never want to leave . 	0
8230174200884	We met with the founders daughter_Jennifer Breaux_Blosser who had a wedding scheduled that evening and lots of picnickers . The tasting room reminded me of one in Napa during a summer weekend . Bluemont Vineyard is located over 1 000 feet above the familys Great Country Farms which is a popular family attraction . 	Valentine is Day is historically the busiest day for Ritz_Carlton Evans said . The hotel offers a 95 000 Valentine is Day package that includes three nights in the presidential suite with a private butler and chef unlimited golf and spa privileges limousine service and two Bulgari watches . The kicker is you drive home in your new Mercedes_Benz . 	0
8240106000694	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	The pictures on the web site are an approximation of the actual beauty and comfort of this gorgeous beach house . We welcome Seashell Villas to our pages it promises to be quite popular with the most discerning of our steady Rincon visitors . Luxury Accommodations at Maria is Beach?Yes . Surf the best breaks in Rincon and walk from the shore to the luxurious Maria is Beach Villas . We have been there and can only say that Maria is Beach Villas sets a new standard for high_end lodging in Rincon . 	0
8250079902118	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . 	This organization provides professional education through learning activities and courses that include research about diabetes . It is also accredited by the ACCME_ www_diabetes_org . Both basic research and clinical research are included in these activities which also offer opportunities for professional networking perfect for the continuing education of professional health care providers psychologists and researchers . The ADA offers continuing education in diabetes using several learning formats and is addressed from local to national levels . 	0
8260174200884	The garden atrium dining room was being set up for a wedding that night but it is the main dining room that is home to the Wine Spectator Grand Award since 1994 winning wine list with 7 000 selections and 75 000 bottles . 	The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . 	0
8270174202922	Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . 	You can start at the drink bar or have the servers bring your choice of a breakfast cocktail . They specialize in Absolut vodka drinks along with bloody Mary and screwdriver makings or you can go with the mimosas which are miles better than the cheap champagne_and_orange_juice concoctions you will find at a 10 Sunday brunch . 	0
8280174200884	Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . 	Ritz_Carlton at Lake Las Vegas is the chain is first hotel in Nevada . I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
8290017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . 	In addition you are obtaining an animal of dubious health and any money you might save will likely go directly into vet costs as its health deteriorates and you may even have to put it down . If it is purebred and has papers chances are very good that the papers have been forged in some way and even that the puppy is not really purebred . 	0
8300017302438	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . 	The snakes described here will be found mainly in the United States . For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . 	0
8310017300189	Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . Spaying eliminates the possibility of uterine or ovarian cancer and greatly reduces the incidence of breast cancer particularly when your pet is spayed before her first estrous cycle . 	Do not overlook this step you can learn a lot about what the puppies are like and how well they did this way . A responsible breeder should have no problem supplying you with such references . You should be able to see the mother of your puppy her temperament will give you a good idea of your puppy is adult temperament . 	0
8320017302438	Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . Spaying eliminates the possibility of uterine or ovarian cancer and greatly reduces the incidence of breast cancer particularly when your pet is spayed before her first estrous cycle . 	This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . In this subcourse you will study basic human anatomy . Anatomy is the study of body structure . 	0
8330017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . 	The significance you attribute to the results depends on the shape and position of the curves but in most cases there will be substantial variation within groups and at least some overlap between groups . This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . If you get a dog of that particular breed the modal typical value is simply the one you would be most likely to get . 	0
8340174200884	Then there are the late harvest and botrytis wines for the end of a meal or by themselves . It is a conundrum for Riesling producers . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . 	0
8350017302438	But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . 	This subcourse deals with environmental and climatic injuries including snakebites insect and spider bites insect and scorpion stings dermatitis caused by toxic plants heat injuries and cold injuries . Some of the injuries discussed in this subcourse can result in death if not treated promptly and properly . 	0
8360010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . The field includes educational scholars researchers and practitioners from a wide variety of personal professional philosophical political and pedagogical backgrounds . 	0
8370174200884	All three believed in the moderating effect of the lakes and the value of Indian summer that warm period in late fall . By the early 1980s consumers had switched from sweet wines to the European drier_style wines . The climate in the Finger Lakes is continental meaning there is a significant difference between the temperature in summer and winter . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . 	0
8380133302696	In the 1950s Transocean Airlines Oakland California was the largest operator of the DC_4_ charter airlines . Douglas produced just 79 new_build DC_4s before production ceased on _ was available as an option but all civilian DC_4s and C_54s were built unpressurized . August 9 1947 Pressurization . The DC_4 C_54 proved a popular and reliable type and several remain in service as of 2007 . An example is Brooks Fuel of and in northern . 	Lockheed agreed to Hughes request that the new aircraft be built in secrecy . The result was the revolutionary and TWA purchased the first 40 of the new airliners off the production line . TWA Boeing 307 Stratoliners Lockheed Constellation . In 1956 Hughes placed an order for 63 for TWA at a cost of US 400 million . 	0
8390017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . Ask to see the dog in the holding area most shelters have . You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . 	0
8400041000658	It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . On the other hand native entities have invaded surrounding regions in and to form empires of their own . 	The British force was crippled by the lack of water . Even if sufficient water was available in the trains resupply from the trains to the forward elements remained a problem . Today the lack of an armored supply vehicle remains a problem for contemporary forces_Water supply is a primary expeditionary concern . The combined British_Afghan force would have been a match for the Afghan force from Herat . When the Afghan force mutinied the British force should have withdrawn to Kandahar_Alliances and coalition forces are only as strong as the weakest element . 	0
8410010800257	Demographic shifts based on population changes and immigration have led to the reassessment of native_born non_Hispanic whites . This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . 	Some advocates talk about expected outcomes while others consider the major determining factor to be the group being studied the arena of school action is the primary focus for one set of advocates and still others are most concerned with distinctions between theory and practice . Some people are selective about where to begin and what to emphasize in cultural pluralism . Others are more inclusive and want its impact to be felt in all dimensions and on every level . 	0
8420017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . 	You might have some scuffles to establish a hierarchy keep an eye on it but do not forbid it unless things get out of hand . If one dog reacts very poorly to the other you will have to separate them for a while and work on introducing them slowly . 	0
8430079902118	This is these are blatant examples of fat_phobic doctors whose care will NEVER be fair or unbiased . Unfortunately these stories true . The only proper course of action in these cases is tomaynotlosingfind a new providermustnoludicrousareGET A NEW PROVIDER . 	This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
8440181602057	Most validation stickers are either serialized with the serial number recorded on the registration or are printed by a special at the time of registration or renewal with the vehicle is license plate number on them to discourage fraudulent sticker use as the sticker will be valid only for the plate for which it was intended . 	If the court answers all of the above questions with a yes  then the court affirms the suspension . If the court answers any of the questions with a no  then the court terminates the suspension and gives driving privileges back to the alleged offender . In addition if the court determines the offender is a threat to public safety even if the above questions are answered no  the offender may receive a judicial suspension . Fines jail time and penalties . Based on previous DUI offenses fines range from 200 to 10 000 . Jail time ranges from three days to one year . 	0
8450174200884	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . 	Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . 	0
8460174202922	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . 	Seriously though the wait staff at Medici was tremendous and I can not say enough nice things about them . All of this elegance fine food and terrific service come at a price of course 37 to be exact . 	0
8470017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . The more information you have the better off you will be . 	0
8480017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Fortunately there is a logical method found in medical terminology . Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . Once you know the meanings of the basic parts of the words you can put them together to understand the meanings of many medical terms . These basic parts of medical terms are called stems prefixes and suffixes . 	0
8490079902118	200 they will have to have a c_section or may even die . This is these are blatant examples of fat_phobic doctors whose care will NEVER be fair or unbiased . 	The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
8500017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	You might have some scuffles to establish a hierarchy keep an eye on it but do not forbid it unless things get out of hand . If one dog reacts very poorly to the other you will have to separate them for a while and work on introducing them slowly . You may have to keep them separate when you are gone . 	0
8510174200884	There are around 135 wineries in Virginia . An e_mail invitation for a golf weekend at Lansdowne Resort was about to be deleted when I decided to check out their website and realized they were in Loudoun County 35 miles outside of Washington DC . The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . 	Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . Rates are discounted to 169 during the week and 189 on weekends for local residents . Valentine is Day is historically the busiest day for Ritz_Carlton Evans said . 	0
8520041000658	However the great majority still rejected the Afghan regime as usurping and after the massacre of thousands of civilians in Isfahan by the Afghans including more than three thousand religious scholars nobles and members of the Safavid family the was eventually removed from power by a new ruler of Persia . 	The Afghan army detected the British brigade is movement as it neared Mahmudabad . As the British column turned left to deploy for battle the Afghan command matched the move and veered right . The Afghan artillery rushed to the fight as the front of the column began to turn around and retrace its steps from Maiwand . 	0
8530017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . You should give serious consideration to these factors some dogs shed little and require no grooming clipping stripping etc others shed little but require more grooming others shed but do not require grooming and still others both shed and require grooming . Do note that just about all dogs will require some nail clipping regardless of conditions . 	0
8540017302438	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . The musculoskeletal system is composed of osseous bone tissue and muscle tissue . Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . 	0
8550017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . Bring along a friend who can help you look at the dog more objectively . Breeders . Remember though no breeder is automatically responsible or ethical just from the source you were referred from . You must determine whether a particular breeder is suitable for your needs and the more time and research you put into this the better your results will be . 	0
8560154901044	When the human body is spending more in and than it is gaining from food or other nutritional supplements it will use stored reserves of fat or muscle_ energy work heat . It is not uncommon for some people who are currently at their ideal body weight to seek additional weight loss in order to improve athletic performance and or meet required weight classification for participation in a sport . 	If you have significant weight to lose and plan to be on the weight loss phase of the program beyond 16 weeks we recommend that your physician monitor your program . After youve completed the weight loss phase you will transition into the Maintenance Plan . Nutrition Support at Medifast is available to guide you in this transition if you need assistance . For general health it is recommended that you stop smoking . Most individuals cannot successfully stop smoking and start a weight loss diet at the same time . Once you are no longer smoking a weight loss program like Medifast is highly recommended . 	0
8570017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . 	0
8580154901044	When the human body is spending more in and than it is gaining from food or other nutritional supplements it will use stored reserves of fat or muscle_ energy work heat . It is not uncommon for some people who are currently at their ideal body weight to seek additional weight loss in order to improve athletic performance and or meet required weight classification for participation in a sport . However others may be driven by achieving a more attractive body image . 	If you have significant weight to lose and plan to be on the weight loss phase of the program beyond 16 weeks we recommend that your physician monitor your program . After youve completed the weight loss phase you will transition into the Maintenance Plan . Nutrition Support at Medifast is available to guide you in this transition if you need assistance . For general health it is recommended that you stop smoking . Most individuals cannot successfully stop smoking and start a weight loss diet at the same time . Once you are no longer smoking a weight loss program like Medifast is highly recommended . I m trying to quit smoking could this affect my results with Medifast . 	0
8590011900139	Just as today is military jets and tanks take on the names of animals and insects . 	Lookup any word on eNotes with our dictionary . Highlight the word and press SHIFT D for a definition or SHIFT T for a synonym . 	0
8600010803142	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	A wide range of festivities will take place leading up to the 6 p_m_ kickoff of Lafayette is first home night football game . Student organizations will present a wide variety of interactive art_related and creative activities free of charge_600 Block of Parson is Street Sept . 	0
8610010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . 	0
8620079902118	A few books like the series promote using foods sweetened with apple juice_concentrate or honey etc_ as a healthful alternative to sugar_laden foods but this is FALSE from a diabetic standpoint . Foods sweetened with applejuice honey or molasses etc_ are just as bad for glycemic response as sugar and be used with gd_What to Expectshould not . 	When you are dealing with a disease that requires prolonged care and maintenance like diabetes it is important that you also invest some time and effort in continuing education . Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . With continuing education diabetes patients can look forward to better treatment cost_effective care and improved health management_diabetescontinuing education . What is continuing education and why is it important . Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . 	0
8630017300189	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . 	If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . A responsible breeder will not be offended by such a step . If something goes wrong you have no legal recourse if there is nothing in writing verbal contract laws in some states to the contrary . If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . 	0
8640017302438	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . 	0
8650017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	A particular disease diabetes mellitus will also be studied . Do your best to achieve the objective of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform functions of your medical MOS . The sensory system by which we see smell taste and hear is often taken for granted until we lose one or more of these senses . From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . As you become more proficient with these principles you may reach the point where you will not need to give them much conscious thought . 	0
8660010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . 	School leaders often operate on the faulty assumption that their values beliefs and actions are the norm for everyone exist beyond any cultural constraints or are culturally neutral . They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . This belief is far from the truth . Culture influences and shapes all dimensions of the learning and teaching processes employed in schools . Schools are expected to serve the human needs of cultural socialization transmission and selfperpetuation and teach academic skills . Every action that they take is unavoidably culturebound . Effective understanding of the educational process in a pluralistic society such as the United States requires that teaching and learning be viewed as aspects of various cultural milieux Kimball 1978 . 	0
8670017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Talk to the people who are fostering the prospective dog for a better idea of the particular dog is temperament . Ask questions like you would with a breeder expect a good outfit to screen you as well . Expect them to ask for a donation and require that the animal is neutered if it is not already . 	0
8680017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	While the material presented conforms to commonly accepted standards it is not intended to substitute for formalized classroom instruction in first aid as offered by many community groups and organizations . Nor should this tutorial be relied upon for use at the time of an emergency . The time to learn first aid is BEFORE you need to use it . NOTE . As a registered EMT Ex_Army medic I can attest to the helpfulness of this guide but stress that it is only a BASIC PRIMER for the uninitiated . 	0
8690151501611	Remember to call ACCESS customer service if you are planning to move . Each of your benefits will remain in your account s for 12 months . If you do not use the benefit at all during the 12_month period the benefit will be removed from your account s . Once a benefit is removed from your account due to 12 months of non_use the benefit can not be restored or replaced . 	WorkWORLD™ Help Information System Click the button or link at left to select your favorite bookmark service and add this page . Share Save . This is one topic from the thousands available in the WorkWORLD™ software Help Information System . Complete information about the software is available at . http___www_WorkWORLD_org . See How to Get WorkWORLD page at http___www_WorkWORLD_org_howtogetWW_html . NOTE . Sponsored links and commercial advertisements help make the WorkWORLD™ website possible by partially defraying its operating and maintenance expenses . No endorsement of these or any related commercial products or services is intended or implied by the Employment Support Institute or any of its partners . ESI and its partners take no responsibility for and exercise no control over any of these advertisements or their views or contents and do not vouch for the accuracy of the information contained in them . 	0
8700017302438	Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	Preservatives used in dog food have been blamed for causing every one of these problems . This paper is for Search and Rescue dog handlers who are trained to at least the Advanced First Aid and CPR level . We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . 	0
8710017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . 	0
8720154901044	It is not uncommon for some people who are currently at their ideal body weight to seek additional weight loss in order to improve athletic performance and or meet required weight classification for participation in a sport . 	Do any Medifast products contain MSG . Medifast uses a combination of fructose and acesulfame potassium to sweeten most products . This combination is used because we have found it to make the best quality products without contributing significantly to calories sugars or carbohydrates . 	0
8730017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . 	0
8740010800257	Belgium for instance officially has delineated which portions of the nation are French Flemish German or bilingual the latter limited to Brussels . While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	The net result of these demographic changes is that the United States is becoming a more pluralistic society than it has ever been . Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . Unfortunately while educational policies programs and practices that systematically ignore these demographic realities are unethical immoral and reprehensible they are not technically illegal . If the principles of access and availability that are embedded in desegregation laws were extended to educational programs then failure to make the substance of curriculum and instruction culturally pluralistic would be illegal . 	0
8750010800257	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
8760017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . 	0
8770017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	One puppy may come right up to you and investigate . Of course it is cute all puppies are . You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . 	0
8780163202293	seeking to perform in movies and television commercials_Acting extras Getting paid to shop and dine . While mystery shopping actually does exist it requires hard work is paid close to minimum wage and most importantly does not require an up_front fee to join . Mystery Shopping . The typical victim of a work_at_home scheme may be . 	But be wary the absence of complaints does not necessarily mean the company is legitimate . Unscrupulous companies may settle complaints change their names or move to avoid detection . Where to Complain . If you have spent money and time on a work_at_home program and now believe the program may not be legitimate contact the company and ask for a refund . 	0
8790017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . He does not suffer any kind of emotional reaction or identity crisis when neutered_Fact . But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . 	Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
8800174200884	There is also a chef table dinner at the fine dining restaurant On The Potomac with Chef Jason Lage . I was fascinated by a visit to the outside herb garden that Mary planted and maintains herself . The resort must think highly of her efforts because they removed a tennis court so the garden could be expanded . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . 	0
8810010803142	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . 	Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . 	0
8820181602057	In others the plate is is a displayed from the inside of the . The color of plate stickers and windshield decals often change annually to allow for easier detection by police_ validation decal windshield . Most validation stickers are either serialized with the serial number recorded on the registration or are printed by a special at the time of registration or renewal with the vehicle is license plate number on them to discourage fraudulent sticker use as the sticker will be valid only for the plate for which it was intended . 	The standard was included as an amendment to the massive 58 billion transportation spending bill . By 2004 all states will be required to adopt the stricter standard or face penalties which include the loss of federal highway trust fund money ranging from 2_8 percent is determined depending on how soon after 2004 the standard is adopted . The fund collects money from a 4_3 federal gasoline tax and distributes it to states for building highways bridges and other infrastructures . 	0
8830174202922	Using Swedish winter wheat and water from a proprietary source we learned that since vodka does not go through barrel aging the character of the spirit is dependent on the quality of the natural ingredients . Every step of distillation and production of ABSOLUT still occurs in Ahus even the bottles are washed with vodka . 	All of this elegance fine food and terrific service come at a price of course 37 to be exact . The fixed price includes a drink appetizer main course and the desert presentation . Yes that is expensive significantly more for significantly less food than you can gorge yourself on most weekend brunch buffets on the Strip . 	0
8840174200884	Using Swedish winter wheat and water from a proprietary source we learned that since vodka does not go through barrel aging the character of the spirit is dependent on the quality of the natural ingredients . Every step of distillation and production of ABSOLUT still occurs in Ahus even the bottles are washed with vodka . 	It is been 16 years from the time we started and when you undertake something like this it is hard for anyone to believe it will ever be built out to its fulfillment Boeddeker chairman of Transcontinental said Tuesday after sending off Ritz executives who would come from around the world for the opening . For so many years when you are explaining this to Wall Street analysts they are sitting there listening but their eyes are glazed over because they can not even conceive it . The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . 	0
8850010800257	It is difficult to indicate in short what constitutes a national cultural norm . Cultural diversity deals with how to manage those varying cultural norms within a single nation . Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	One of the primary and persistent reasons for the movement to include cultural pluralism in school programs is to correct what advocates call sins of omission and commission . First we must provide students with information about the history and contributions of ethnic groups who traditionally have been excluded from instructional materials and curricula and second we must replace the distorted and biased images of those groups that were included in the curricula with more accurate and significant information . 	0
8860079902118	What caloric recommendations are they making for women who do breastfeed post_partum and on what do they base these recommendations La Leche does not recommend caloric intake under 1800K for breastfeeding women if women have been restricted to 1500K during pregnancy while the body prepares for breastfeeding what effect does this have on mother and baby and breastfeeding rates? As far as Kmom can tell the issue of caloric restriction is possible effect on breastfeeding and supply issues has been by researchers in this field_totally ignored . In addition it is not clear that infants above 9 lbs_ are a problem that MUST be resolved . 	Nurse practitioners for example should look for courses or course providers who are approved by the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners while psychologists should find courses approved by the American Psychological Association . This is to ensure that courses and activities included in the continuing education program are relevant and duly approved . To encourage quality among its participants these courses can only be credited depending on the extent of the individual is participation in the given activities . Sidebar . In this group of articles we will discuss the following topics and _ disease management diabetes health insurance for diabetics how do you get diabetes how is diabetes inherited sleep apnea and diabetes diabetic doctor diabetic foot pain shoes for diabetics diabetic gift baskets . Where to obtain continuing education in diabetes . The premier source for diabetes continuing education is the ADA or American Diabetes Association at . This organization provides professional education through learning activities and courses that include research about diabetes . 	0
8870010800257	Domestic cross_cultural sensitivity increases the likelihood that U_S_ companies will have an edge on cross_cultural issues abroad areas in which competitors from more homogeneous nations would be well versed only after having entered the foreign market in question . DIVERSITY IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE . Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . 	Many culturally different individuals and groups have stopped trying to deny their ethnicity for the sake of being accepted unconditionally into mainstream society . They now insist that there is no inherent contradiction between allegiance to their own ethnic and cultural heritages and being an American . Instead these dual identities are complementary and should be respected and promoted . One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . Ethnic and cultural pluralism is an everpresent influence in all aspects of American history life and culture . 	0
8880017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	no_ with score . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o o . o o . o o . o . o aggressiveness score the centers of the two curves are clearly separated from which you would conclude that the breeds differ to some degree in aggressiveness there is some overlap so that the most aggressive breed 1 dogs are substantially more agressive than the average breed 2 dog and the least aggressive breed 2 dogs are substantially less aggressive than the average breed 1 dog . Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
8890174201455	It is a conundrum for Riesling producers . A touch of sweetness brings food friendly character to Riesling . The dry styles are more intense elegant and age_worthy . 	At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . All teas are served with four kinds of tea sandwiches an assortment of desserts and freshly baked scones with mascarpone cream lemon curd jams and marmalades . Prices range from 40 to 48 for adults or 25 to 32 for children . 	0
8900154901044	Weight loss occurs when an individual is in a state of negative energy balance . When the human body is spending more in and than it is gaining from food or other nutritional supplements it will use stored reserves of fat or muscle_ energy work heat . 	This may necessitate packing food items in your luggage . Pre_planning can help you continue to lose weight while you travel . Customers who are able to plan and continue the program while traveling or ordering out get the best results . Traveling presents countless eating temptations with the availability of foods that are not part of the Medifast program . Always remember your end goals a healthier weight and a healthier lifestyle . 	0
8910010800257	For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
8920017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The snakes described here will be found mainly in the United States . For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . 	0
8930152500165	In some Gulf dialects it is palatalized to or . It is pronounced as a voiced uvular constrictive in Sudanese Arabic . Many dialects with a modified pronunciation for maintain the pronunciation in certain words often with religious or educational overtones borrowed from the Classical language . 	However a good_but_imperfect system is far better than total ignorance . Lack of information is one of the major obstacles to buying green today . I would like to see every product of every kind have some kind of Environmental Facts labels on their packaging just as all food now has Nutrition Facts labels on its packaging . It would both improve consumer choice and consumer education  . 	0
8940079902118	It does not matter whether the fruit juice is sweetened or unsweetened most people is glycemic response to both kinds of fruit juice is so swift and strong that it is essentially the same as drinking a regular soda_pop . A few dieticians will permit women to use a bit of fruit juice most will not . 	The ADA offers continuing education in diabetes using several learning formats and is addressed from local to national levels . This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . 	0
8950125800711	The drawback is these studies can be corrupted or subverted by the politically motivated actions of the participants . Policy studies costs and benefits policies . Objectivist mass true evaluation studies are used to judge the relative merits of goods and services based on generalized needs and values along with a comprehensive range of effects . However this approach does not necessarily help practitioners improve their work and it requires a very good and credible evaluator to do it well . 	The Seller has the right to negotiate with only one Buyer at a time and not reveal this to other Buyers . This negotiation may continue until the Seller accepts an offer . The terms of a Buyer is offer are confidential but the existence of the offer may be communicated to other Buyers to obtain better terms or price . This is strictly the decision of the Seller . The Seller may accept an offer on terms other than price All Buyers may be notified to present their highest and best offer . The Buyer may choose to . 1 . Make a better offer 2 . Leave the original offer 3 . Withdraw the offer in writing if the period for acceptance is current 4 . Do nothing . Seen Enough? over 2 million properties instantly or follow the links to your left to find out more about buying a home . 	0
8960017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
8970010800257	Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . NONCULTURAL IDENTITY GROUPS AND DIVERSITY . Cultural diversity as used here does not include diversity based on noncultural identity groups . While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
8980017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . 	Of course it is cute all puppies are . You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . Another excellent source for a purebred dog is from a rescue organizations run by various clubs across the country . If it is a breed rescue dogs of that breed are rescued from shelters or private homes as needed fostered while a placement is found and then placed . The adoption fee usually is less than the cost of a purebred from other sources . 	0
8990017300189	A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . 	0
9000125801816	Unfortunately the objectives are often not proven to be important or they focus on outcomes too narrow to provide the basis for determining the value of an object . based Objectives is a quasi_evaluation approach because content analysis judgments need not be based on value statements . Instead they can be based on knowledge . Such content analyses are not evaluations . On the other hand when content analysis judgments are based on values such studies are evaluations . Content analysis . Objectivist mass quasi_evaluation is popular with because it is intended to provide an accurate accounting of results that can improve the of and . 	An appraiser provides a professional unbiased opinion of market value to be used in making real estate decisions . Appraisers present their formal analysis in appraisal reports . There are many reasons to obtain an appraisal with the most common reason being real estate and mortgage transactions . Other reasons for ordering an appraisal include . 	0
9010125801816	However they only focus on testee performance and they might not adequately sample what is taught or expected_programs Testing approaches relate outcomes to prespecified objectives allowing judgments to be made about their level of attainment . Unfortunately the objectives are often not proven to be important or they focus on outcomes too narrow to provide the basis for determining the value of an object . 	 An appraisal is a thought process leading to an opinion of value . This opinion or estimate is arrived at through a formal process that typically uses the three common approaches to value . They are the Cost Approach which is what it would cost to replace the improvements less physical deterioration and other factors plus the land value . 	0
9020010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . 	This goal is appropriate for both majority students and for those who are members of various ethnic minority groups . A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . Multicultural education argues to the contrary . Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . 	0
9030088300959	July 11 series of coordinated bomb attacks commuter trains Mumbai India troops invade in response to kidnapping two Israeli soldiers and killing 3 . 	Volume 4 Issue 1 pp . 100_106 . Nile Basin Initiative 2005 . Nile Basin National Water Quality Monitoring Baseline Study Report for Egypt . Water Policy Program 2002 . Survey of Nile System Pollution Sources Report No . 64 . Land Center for Human Rights 2005 . Water Problems in the Egyptian Countryside Between Corruption and Lack of Planning Case Studies of Two Egyptian Villages Land and Farmers Series Issue No . 32 . IPRID Secretariat 2005 . Rapid Assessment Study Towards Integrated Planning of Irrigation and Dr_inage in Egypt Final Report 2005 . Water Policy Program 2002 . 	0
9040103702999	Treatments that combine medicines and therapy are often effective . National Institute of Mental Health . 	Results The trial demonstrated significant improvement of CY_BOCS scores in the fluvoxamine treatment group compared to the placebo group at weeks 1 2 3 4 6 and 10_Significant differences were also seen on all secondary outcome measures_span style font 7_0pt Times New Roman . The fluvoxamine group reached maximum improvement at the end of 3 weeks_span style font 7_0pt Times New Roman . Conclusions Fluvoxamine is effective for short term treatment of childhood OCD_It has a rapid onset of action and is well tolerated_span style font 7_0pt Times New Roman 3_Sertraline 15 . 	0
9050010800257	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . 	They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . This belief is far from the truth . Culture influences and shapes all dimensions of the learning and teaching processes employed in schools . 	0
9060010801758	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . 	I have been employed at BASF Southfield Michigan since 1987 . My story is about my co_workers and how fortunate I am to be working for BASF . I have dyslexia . As a result my reading spelling abilities are that of a nine year old . 	0
9070017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Asking other pet owners is not always effective because they may not have had any unusual or challenging health problems with their pets and vets that can be okay for routine stuff often are less impressive with unusal stuff . Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . 	0
9080125800381	The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . Experimental research causal relationships variables methodology MISs can give detailed information about the dynamic operations of complex programs . However this information is restricted to readily data usually available at regular intervals . Management information systems quantifiable are familiar to just about anyone who has attended school served in the military or worked for a large company . 	This price bridging method can be beneficial to you regardless if your home is valued at 50 000 or 500 000 . If you are interested in obtaining the maximum exposure for your Knox County Ohio home we are only a phone call away . Sam Miller . RE MAX Stars Realty 740 397_7800 . Thursday February 12 2009 by Sam Miller . The real estate market in America has changed more in the past year than I believe it changed during the prior 10 years combined . The number of ready willing and capable buyers today is at the lowest level I have seen while the number of homeowners who truly need to sell their homes is approaching record levels . 	0
9090017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
9100010800257	Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . And it requires changes in school programs policies and practices . Multiculturalists explicitly value diversity and agree that the specific content structures and practices employed in achieving multicultural education will differ depending on the setting . Therefore it is useful for educators to develop their own definitions of multicultural education within the general boundaries outlined above to fit their specific needs rather than imposing a universal structure to implement multicultural education . Multiculturalists also agree that multicultural education has implications for decisionmaking that will affect operations at all levels of education including instruction administration governance counseling program planning performance appraisal and school climate . 	0
9110017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . If the breeder is using kennels check for cleanliness happy dogs no overcrowding shelter from the elements plenty of fresh water . 	0
9120010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
9130125803035	They draw on the insights experience and expertise of qualified individuals who use established guidelines to determine if the applicant should be approved to perform specified functions . However unless performance_based standards are used attributes of applicants and the processes they perform often are overemphasized in relation to measures of outcomes or effects . Accreditation certification studies use the highly refined skills of individuals intimately familiar with the subject of the evaluation to critically characterize and appraise it . 	Founded in 1997 World Appraisal Inc_ has grown to be one of the largest independent residential real estate appraisal companies across the country . National appraisal company . Extensive coverage extending to all 50 states . Manage full_time highly qualified staff appraisers in select locations . Contract over 3 000 experienced and reliable independent fee appraisers nationwide . Maintain full Errors and Omissions Insurance policy 1 000 000 aggregate . Abide by all Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guidelines . 	0
9140017300189	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
9150125803035	Such studies are by definition not evaluations . These approaches can produce characterizations without producing appraisals although specific studies can produce both . Each of these approaches serves its intended purpose well . They are discussed roughly in order of the extent to which they approach the objectivist ideal _ is the best approach for determining between . The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . 	All appraisals are performed in accordance with the requirements of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice USPAP that were adopted by the Appraisal Standards Board ASB of The Appraisal Foundation . Accepting assignments from mortgage companies and brokers savings and loan institutions banks relocation companies review departments attorneys Certified Public Accountants credit unions and individual clients . 	0
9160125801816	Such studies are by definition not evaluations . These approaches can produce characterizations without producing appraisals although specific studies can produce both . Each of these approaches serves its intended purpose well . They are discussed roughly in order of the extent to which they approach the objectivist ideal _ is the best approach for determining between . The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . 	The rules for developing an appraisal and reporting its results are insured by enforcement of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice USPAP . Regulations regarding licensing and certification of Real Estate Appraisers vary from state to state . 	0
9170125803035	They are considered quasi_evaluation approaches because particular studies legitimately can focus only on questions of knowledge without addressing any questions of value . Such studies are by definition not evaluations . These approaches can produce characterizations without producing appraisals although specific studies can produce both . Each of these approaches serves its intended purpose well . They are discussed roughly in order of the extent to which they approach the objectivist ideal _ is the best approach for determining between . The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . 	Electronic Data Interchange EDI capabilities enables reports to be sent directly to an e_mail address in digital format . Borrower contact is made within 24 hours from receipt of order . Appraisal delivery within 72 hours from inspection . Full_time reliable status department with extensive support . Automatic e_mails notifying you of order received appointment date and value of property . Full_time processing department which reviews appraisals prior to delivery . Our Appraisers . Lic_nsed in their individual state . Approved by several of the nation is largest lenders . Quicken Loans LaSalle Indy Mac Countrywide GMAC Fifth Third and hundreds more . Highly qualified and reliable staff . Over thousands of classroom hours in real estate appraisal courses . Professional designations held through local and national appraisal organizations . Subscribe to numerous real estate boards and Multi_List Systems . Over 100 000 actual appraisals completed . Copyright © 2005 World Appraisal Inc . At World Appraisal your right to privacy is important to us . 	0
9180010800257	Finally cross_cultural sensitivity associated with managing cultural diversity in the domestic workplace provides an advantage that is valuable in competing in foreign markets . Domestic cross_cultural sensitivity increases the likelihood that U_S_ companies will have an edge on cross_cultural issues abroad areas in which competitors from more homogeneous nations would be well versed only after having entered the foreign market in question . DIVERSITY IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE . Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . 	Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
9190010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	The relative physical isolation of ethnic groups in the United States means that individuals in these groups are much more likely to engage in qualitative interactions with people who are like themselves than with people from different ethnic groups . Interactions with people who are different are transitory and perfunctory . 	0
9200017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . 	0
9210010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . 	In order to promote a comprehensive understanding of cultural groups we must use a variety of methods and a composite of various areas of scholarship including the humanities arts social sciences history politics and sciences . To implement multicultural education fully fundamental changes will need to be made in the conception organization and execution of the educational process . These changes require modifications in an educational system that has been governed with a monocultural orientation based on Eurocentric middle class cultural norms . 	0
9220017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The information is often erratically presented and incomplete . The tape set is probably unavailable at video rental stores . Since the set of seven tapes is probably quite expensive the public library would be the best way to examine these tapes . There are that go along with being a good dog owner . A dog will live from 10 to 20 years depending on its breed size and general health . 	0
9230106000694	 Click on a business below to find out more info . Katarina Sail Charters . Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . 	If looking at the sea from a luxurious Penthouse is your way to spend a vacation in Rincon then this is theLuxury at the Top_Striper Cove South place for you . Striper Cove South is a new penthouse condo offering panoramic views of the sparkling green Caribbean Ocean and the surrounding lush hills of Rincon Puerto Rico . Perfect for a luxurious family getaway or a corporate retreat this condo combines oceanfront living with the comfort of first_class amenities . Situated atop a waterfront building in a gated luxury complex this fully furnished three bedroom and three bath two_story retreat is the perfect spot to relax or use as a base for numerous island adventures . Rincon_PR_com continues to rank #1 in the top search engines for the most used Rincon keyword searches . We could not have done it without you . Thanks for making us the #1 Rincon site #1 for Nine Straight Years_YahooMSNGoogleRincon_PR_com . 	0
9240017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	This experience and helpful advice comes through in every page on this book . You and Your Dog . This useful book is an overall guide to the health and care of dogs . It includes a basic listing of dog breeds AKC . This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . 	0
9250041002863	In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . 	Mahmud is downfall in 1818 was certainly the result of his foolish behavior . He had returned to the throne again only as a result of the support of Painda Khan is son Fateh Khan now chief of the Muhammadzai and the most powerful chief among the Durrani Pashtuns . 	0
9260097700181	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . 	The storm struck as Regina residents prepared for Dominion Day now Canada Day celebrations . This Sunday was oppressively hot and humid  Regina was in the midst of a heat wave  prior to the storm is rampage . 	0
9270097700181	Fifteen rail cars were demolished and iron rails from the train track were pulled up and mangled . After it passed through Sauk Rapids it moved on to Rice where it killed 11 people in a wedding party when the home they were in was destroyed . 	Damage was light compared to the Barrie and Grand Valley tornadoes and no fatalities were recorded . The last tornado to form west of the Highway 400 corridor arose from a new supercell forming in eastern Perth County near Milverton . 	0
9280181602057	The sticker is usually placed on one corner of the plate while the month of the year in which the plate would expire is printed in an opposing corner . Some jurisdictions combine the year and month on one sticker . In others the plate is is a displayed from the inside of the . 	Senate Bill 22 SB 22 effective May 17 2000doubles the minimum jail time for drunk drivers with a 0_17 BAC level . A first time offenders minimum jail stay jumps from three to six dayswith jail time being longer for subsequent offenses . The bill also places a maximum of 30 months on prison terms for convicted drivers . 	0
9290097700181	Before this tornado Sauk Rapids was considered one of the most important towns in Minnesota and a business center of central Minnesota . It was a blossoming community located on the Mississippi River in Central Minnesota . 	Its strength has been estimated as F3 which makes it the easternmost strong tornado to strike North America . Bouctouche is located at the mouth of the Bouctouche River on the Northumberland Strait coast northeast of Moncton . 	0
9300174200884	Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . 	0
9310175900978	The majority of British Service Land Rovers carry no armour_plating and the composite armoured originally designed to withstand small arms fire and hand_launched projectiles as experienced in is not immune to the larger roadside and attacks . 	My FFR at the back Vince is FFR camouflage on the left and Ian is Felicity . This is Vince is front garden . Vince is has since been through two other SII SIII Land Rovers . especially FFR variants includes circuit diagrams Military Specifics extract from the Ministry of Defence is Series III 109 manual User Manual Extract timeline and types Land Rover History mechanical notes for Series IIIs including civilian versions Mechanical Specifics or How I got out of a Very Deep Ditch An Unusual Recovery Technique How to find out your truck is past adventures . 	0
9320175902953	The majority of British Service Land Rovers carry no armour_plating and the composite armoured originally designed to withstand small arms fire and hand_launched projectiles as experienced in is not immune to the larger roadside and attacks . 	Your drive for customizing your vehicle with Defender parts and Defender accessories is high and so is our drive to seek out new and imaginative products for you . The Defender 90 3_9 litre V8 convertible marked Land Rover is mass_production return to the U_S_ market . 	0
9330017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . 	0
9340017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	This information will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . When you have casualties on the battlefield you must determine the sequence in which the casualties are to be treated and how to treat their injuries . 	0
9350017300189	Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . 	On the contrary no litter is 100 up to the criteria the breeder is looking for and the pup that does not quite meet the expectations of the breeder in ability or looks will make an excellent pet as he will otherwise be healthy and good tempered just what you want in your new companion . 	0
9360017302438	Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . 	As a result you will be better able to perform functions of your medical MOS . The sensory system by which we see smell taste and hear is often taken for granted until we lose one or more of these senses . From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . 	0
9370017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Consider which characteristics you would like and which will annoy you . Reading up on dogs in breed books some are listed below and talking to breeders will give you some idea of these kinds of characteristics . This also may be a reason to choose a purebred characteristics in purebreds appear more reliably because of their consistent breeding . Do recognize however that dogs show individual personalities and variety exists within each breed . Breeds are only a general indicator of what to expect . Some questions to ask yourself What characteristics do you want in a dog . What sort of exercise do I want to do with the dog . Walking . Jogging . Hiking . Do I want a dog that is bouncy and ready to go or more relaxed . 	0
9380010800257	Diversity can also refer to historical groupings these might include political party or work committees peculiar to the organization . For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
9390017300189	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . Consider it part of your family this is no joke as that is exactly what the dog thinks YOU are its pack its family . 	0
9400017302438	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	Army Medical Department Center and School and conforms to printed Department of the Army doctrine as closely as possible . Development and progress render such doctrine continuously subject to change . Feel free to copy and distribute but please use your own server for all drawings and photos . Do not be a bandwidth thief . This is the Self_Aid Buddy Aid course above on steroids . 	0
9410017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . 	0
9420017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Learn how to help someone who is hurt with this helpful basic online course_ from Brazos River Rattlesnake Ranch . They should know . Actually this is the worksheet or poster reprint Stock #202_652 Form 934 that you can print out and keep inside your shelter area . It is VERY basic but does contain some good information . For those that do not subscribe to the FIGHTING CHANCE newsletter or have not purchased the Medical Preparation video tape by Dr_ Jane Orient president of Doctors for Disaster Preparedness here is a good little life saver that you might be interested in . 	0
9430017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . 	0
9440017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
9450017302438	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
9460017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
9470179400753	Just when he is about to make a call to the superiors the phone rings . They are instructed to perform the exit procedure for a subject who has reached the end through the cube and is about to meet his final challenge . They find that it is none other than Owen one of their missing colleagues . In the process of the exit procedure when asked if he believes in God he answers no . The answer results in his immediate _ incineration . Wynn argues with Dodd over the fate of Owen . After realizing that working in the Cube is inhumane he decides to enter the cube to save Rains and help her party to the exit . One of the cube is supervisors called Jax and two analysts who report to him come to Wynn Dodd is work stations to handle the situation created by Wynn is decision to help Rains . Despite their efforts to stop them Wynn and Rains make it to the exit room with the help of Dodd after he finds Wynn is portrait of himself and feels sorry for Wynn is plight who sabotages the connection to the control panels servicing the cube and subsequently pays with his life when Jax catches him red handed_The sabotage causes the cube to go into reset mode which means that the cube will align to its starting position and a clean sweep will commence which will vaporize any living tissue still remaining inside the cube after a limited period of time . Once they reach an exit room a cube room through which the outside world may be accessed they manage to use a secret auxiliary exit just before the clean sweep and after swimming through water for some distance they reach land and try to escape . 	next safety solvent simile solvent tutorial solvent properties water fast dry safety solvent reagent grade solvent parts cleaner solvent paint and solvent and coatings sales acetone isopropanol solvent mixture monitoring hp 11 solvent based ink solvent extraction diagram effects of solvent on the lungs topsol adhestive solvent airless sprayers solvent base sealer cyclone solvent distiller iso 14001 solvent parts washing n_heptane solvent w a wood stoddard solvent 150 solvent turco solvent gaskets rubber solvent solvent resistant v ring distilled water is not the solvent paint solvent recycle machine scalp solvent non chlorinated solvent pd 680 solvent solvent substitution for n_methyl pyrrolidone dmt solvent googone what is regripping solvent made of kleen mineral spirits solvent used solvent printer solvent extraction solvent extraction of soybeans solvent free paints solvent cement carlson lamson session solvent intrusion adhesive solvent inlet filter p n 6101 superior f140 solvent starded solvent solvent waste regulations definition hp 9000 solvent printer solvent wash bottle fluorinated epdm fpm paint solvent compatability solvent extraction machines recovery bi_o_kleen soy solvent cleaner degreaser solvent for tin deposition printer head solvent solvent for p_bromoacetanilide recrystallization spantex solvent 400 solvent extraction of tar sands union carbide polysulfone solvent carnauba solvent pill inject solvent tank fire suppression internal energy of solvent molecules thermal solvent hybrid experiments otis bor solvent q3c solvent trash container evaporative solvent epoxy based paint aromatic solvent solvent kleene printing ink solvent solvent cleaner for painted wood gemstrip solvent 427 solvent plant fire wisconsin solvent distillation still emissions rain_x washer solvent what does the universal solvent mean solvent waste regulations definition polyethylene terephthalate solvent solvent method 30 solvent parts solvent welding polyester v80 solvent pd680 solvent solvent printing digital pricing mixed solvent recrystallization universal solvent advantages solvent miscibility solvent sinks ultrasonic heated dowmar solvent still solvent poisioning solvent solute solution vinyl distributors solvent printers solvent filter system alkanolamine solvent solvent ddd cherokee 152 solvent nmp solvent msds solvent storage cabiinets is water a solvent solvent red 18 21260 acetone nonpolar solvent definition rf values solvent front viking safety solvent msds definition of solvent extraction home equity loans percent solvent solvent wood floor cleaner solvent polyurethane solvent distributors epi solvent adhesive for flexible pvc battery corrosion solvent tutorial abs solvent p_d_680 solvent msds examples of solvent and solute theta solvent of polymers hood ventilation astm standard solvent dispensing solvent transfer artists solvent essence e 100 125 internal energy of solvent molecules spent solvent use as ingredient what is solvent drag meaning of solvent solvent analysis solvent systems inc solvent brush organic solvent extraction golden west industries super solvent carpet glue solvent carburetor cleaning solvent good solvent inhaling solvent detection tests stablizer for solvent ink solvent vapor recovery systems rug cleaner solvent crest solvent cleaner reflux solvent based flexo ink gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant industrial solvent medical is methylated spirit a solvent buy prep solvent 70 solvent extraction processes two general classifications of solvent waste solvent 142 msds what is aprotic solvent mobile solvent distillation pine tar solvent solvent system conversion clean and green solvent otis bor solvent beeswax solvent drycleaning solvent causes cancer residual solvent limit vbh_2 solvent fluorine solvent enzyme precipitation by organic solvent mixed xylene solvent pdf functions of binders in solvent dyeing what is low solvent inks disposal of spent solvent solvent printing magazine homemade solvent solvent bonding pc where to buy zylene solvent electron solvent characteristic of good solvent carnauba solvent pill inject used solvent barrel solvent for oil extraction and refining extraction of organic solvent cpvc primer and solvent cement diesel parts cleaner solvent teflon solvent solvent distributors types of solvent system polymer solvent health effect chorinated solvent quick dry 66 dry cleaning solvent solvent properties isopropyl oil seed solvent extraction stoddard 235 solvent eco solvent ink solvent effect superoxide dismutase solvent saddle tees volatile organic solvent linx mixed base solvent 3501 solvent storage safety gen_x solvent solvent bonding with cyclohexanone stoddard solvent pd_680 solvent naphtha non_polar solvent solvent wood floor cleaner solvent compatibility with plastic dry solvent cleaners industrial solvent suppliers food safe solvent solvent bas 40 solvent pumps hp 1050 solvent conditioning module solvent for auto paint organic solvent list solvent static generation potential solvent evaporation rate solvent phosphoric acid solvent welded nitromethane solvent for plastics solvent entrapment paint hildebrand polymer solvent organic solvent exposure solvent exposure automotive solvent removal and ny 105 solvent medi_sol solvent limestone solvent battery corrosion solvent tutorial organic chemistry chaser solvent sterling solvent weld drain solvent heptane toluene lel acrtylic solvent art painting restoration mdi solvent class action lawsuit safety kleen solvent solvent acetone allpro solvent packaging tape tile solvent carnauba solvent pill inject used water solvent property investigation formulation emulsification solvent evaporation technique solvent for glucose moe solvent parts washer regulations 48 in solvent printer what is solubility solvent solution solute solvent hv 250 solvent taste and docetaxel acrylic solvent formula soy methyl ester benefit solvent solvent condensing plant and cryogenic water ideal solvent organic chemistry serico solvent screen ink k58312 dap wood filler solvent m e k solvent carnauba solvent pill safe npb solvent solvent extraction machines recovery solvent for peek mpa solvent solvent based cleaners for ceramic tile solvent resistant stickers decals labels 1 2 propylene glycol as a solvent urethane reducer solvent blend anti solvent polymerization adding solvent to gasoline msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent cellulose solvent systems solvent 32 solvent emission uk cantex welding solvent aliphat solvent fp 175f solvent for taking apart lnses wringler solvent saturated wipers bromination in acetic acid solvent solvent based ink for hp 11 cyclohexanone solvent pumps solvent weld uk what is low solvent inks solvent drainage solvent heptane toluene solvent for glucose solvent chemical niagara falls new york solvent solute oxylene 6 degreasing solvent injet media and solvent mmedia optimization of the solvent aided process industrial solvent cookers solvent for rifampicin solvent plan for military bases extraction of negro pepper solvent what is petroleum ether solvent solvent transfers liquid paper solvent s solvent cleaner california sealant solvent cancer causing solvent solvent selection chromatography solvent clean audio gear 1_4 butanediol solvent solvent mopping procedures electrical solvent 1 1 1_trichloroethane solvent hazardous waste hptlc solvent system plant constituents specific heat of solvent cements polycarbonate solvent sc_325 metal solvent can biotech 467 residual solvent usp prs1000 solvent chemical composition of mek_pak solvent encana oil sand solvent steam goldenwest super solvent hand exposure solvent pregnan solvent extraction theory diphenylquinoxaline no solvent lean solvent dry erase marker solvent print kote solvent 13_2 water is a universal solvent stakleen windshield solvent diluting with acetone solvent oops solvent gamlen 28 solvent solvent traps acetonitrile organic solvent food grade solvent suppliers gbl making solvent cemented joins solvent recovery systems in canada water is good solvent dmt solvent xylene guide hplc solvent glycerol solvent solvent based traffic paint what are aprotic solvent solvent extracts egyptian blue lotus butyl lithium solvent stability what is solvent front printers ink solvent universal solvent disatvantages pacer solvent perfume solvent aerosol solvent cleaner uk solvent lysine sulfate mild water_free solvent non water_based solvent hfe solvent solvent scrim banner vinyl colonial savings solvent 467 residual solvent biotech solvent management plan golden west solvent solvent attack of polymers solvent densities solvent cement for pvc to pp retain gas in a solvent merit 101 solvent clean and green dry cleaning solvent carnauba solvent why is hydrogen peroxide a solvent headaches from solvent solvent yellow 163 osha safety hazards cleaning solvent volatile organic solvent solvent suppliers michigan tdz solvent solvent blue 68 solvent printers flatbed trace organic solvent removal uv cutoff solvent solvent based polyamide lacquers dye fluorescence solvent shift hfc_152a solvent solvent selections using alcohol in lipids bong cleaning solvent hot glue solvent aromatic solvent p_2 supplier solvent for indium c22 solvent clean gun powder solvent nylon solvent bonding chemical formula for stoddard solvent solvent sublimation ink hyco mini solvent washer effects surfactants have on solvent volatility mda alkanolamine solvent science experiment solute solvent solvent line fire protection financially solvent school district solvent printers hp9000 solvent extended warranty cost marine adhesive solvent chemistry of non aqueous solvent solvent deffinition the universak solvent permanent marker and solvent solvent storage rotatable mount paint and solvent storage locker boiling point of solvent cyanoacrylate solvent styrene acrylonitrile polymer solvent extraction of salvinorin a with solvent solvent soluble packaging solvent for cleaning black doller bills in the water glycerol solvent solvent for neoprene water is a universal solvent because tile solvent solvent recyclers uk protic solvent solvent and solute combinations mno2 and solvent reduction fisher solvent pens 101 lime solvent sure_klean c_22 solvent the water solution process solvent colorless solvent linx mixed base solvent 3501 msds mkp solvent scrubber solvent that absorbs carbon monoxide solvent solute worksheet solvent density chart solvent extraction machines recovery basecoat for plastic solvent akzo silicon adhesive solvent viking safety solvent msds 3m solvent distillation range and solvent strength condenser and solvent and pumpless solvent weld pvc pipe solvent natural rubber solvent extraction acetylene removal polyethylene solvent solvent miscibility table 360 solvent paraffin solvent oral solvent to remove hair water universal solvent facts solvent fire hood solvent washer parts tumbler glycerine as emulsion solvent solvent based siloxane concrete sealer parylene solvent pvdc resin solvent solvent system e gaskets rubber solvent solvent wash bottle brockville surfactant for chlorinated solvent paraffinic solvent removing river rock solvent chemical tung oil citrus solvent solid liquid solvent extraction cellulose solvent ice dams solvent nylons dry cleaning solvent nmp solvent msds super_glue solvent uv solvent steel tanks for solvent storage solvent cement beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual recovery of solvent what are non aqueous solvent polycarbonate solvent cement solvent intrusion adhesive turpene solvent locktite solvent sb203580 solvent good solvent for recrystallization process fda solvent carry_over solvent based photoimageable resist rage cleaning solvent 1 2 dilution vinyl adhesive solvent purchase biodegradable terpene solvent solvent distillation recovery emission factors sericol solvent ink prices solvent column mining solvent line fire protection accelaetared solvent extraction trandermals dionex cleaning solvent foam shelf liner solvent adhesives resin electrodeposition of copper in mixed solvent solvent suppliers solvent naphtha in pesticides eva solvent natural solvent free nail polish weld_on 3 solvent cement mno2 solvent oxidation solvent filtration citrus solvent solvent resistent thin disposable gloves solvent extraction in sugar refinery solvent resistant hand cream theory of solvent extraction is ing direct solvent turbo solvent valve backlit solvent film beer organic solvent toluene solvent colorless perfume solvent ethyl oleate solvent solvent resistant sprayer dot lab solvent contamination financially solvent digital ink manufacturer printing solvent products of solvent extraction set up of solvent extraction vacuum oven solvent trap chlorinated solvent incineration texas solvent property universal solvent solvent wash bottle canada using solvent inks epson ci solvent yellow 163 percent aromatic solvent testing is social security solvent americhem solvent dupont presol solvent solubility solvent volume separation of polymers by solvent fractionation noryl solvent bond solvent labeling solvent resistant oil seals reverse phase hplc solvent strength adjustments define solvent gun cleaning copper solvent refridgerated solvent trap using blending solvent green solvent wizard solvent action polar solvent ball pen ink solvent parts washer solvent recipe dry cleaning solvent products dmso solvent pay pal uap inc parts cleaning solvent isoparaffinic solvent safety kleen preminum gold solvent dyes solvent based curing ink printing solvent inkjet media and solvent media paint solvent flammable msds oxalic acid solvent thf solvent polyester oconnor solvent colorprint solvent vinyl z solvent objective of solvent extraction solvent extraction and ion exchange solvent yellow wild seed primrose solvent extraction parts solvent price eagles path youth solvent abuse centre solvent printing solutions making solvent cemented low organic solvent preservative for timber pvc glue solvent green solvent wizard solvent to dissolve amoxicillin solvent resistant textile binder solute and solvent of steel gun cleaning solvent and no 9 solvent mopping procedures orange solvent to buy online chloromethane solvent sources mda solvent acrylic solvent low solvent inks gamma solvent cleaner solvent hv_250 korea solvent naphta schwer nd 30 glycerol solvent accelerated solvent extraction small solvent vapor degreasersfor rail wine solvent dmso sold as solvent uranium solvent extraction pentaerythritol structure solvent with water hplc solvent degasser why is water a bad solvent solvent free epoxy flooring explanation of solvent extraction engine cleaning solvent solvent extraction with benzene trading solvent ivivid gloss photo solvent solvent phoenix solvent protective aprons solvent coating knives 143 naptha solvent what is organic solvent acid solvent hazardous oil and solvent debris solvent borne epoxy ester z solvent harkrider solvent 3 solvent disposal laws tech chem degreaser solvent automotive degreasing solvent solvent swelling index dessicant solvent dryer applications of nonaqueous solvent system plastic pipe cutter fitting tubes solvent tlc solvent system development solvent polarity table solvent parts washer kerosene solvent is a stoddard solvent composition absolve solvent recycling solvent rags manufacturer ultra flex solvent terpentine solvent exempt pvc to abs solvent water as a solvent lesson bug juice solvent spray away solvent and degreaser solvent evaporation chart autodock 4 solvent parameters hp printer cartridge ink solvent getting rid of solvent fumes gun flush solvent acrtylic solvent restoration solvent resistance of pigment red 254 solvent microextraction chemical definition of solvent extraction simons solvent electronic cleaning solvent what is solvent solvent bottles medium aliphatic solvent naphtha solvent to remove wall tiles parts washer solvent solvent column mining resealing solvent based acrylics ge silcone polymer in solvent solvent extraction plant fires schwartz y2 solvent cement primer mobile solvent recycling solvent regeneration of spent activated carbon dry cleaning solvent products stodard solvent phillips 66 msds naptha solvent removing solvent resisting glues parafin solvent in western pa what are non aqueous solvent prs solvent manufacture what is the solvent in blood willbond solvent solvent customers two part solvent based epoxy paint hand exposure solvent pregnan pd_680 cleaning solvent getting rid of solvent smell solvent extraction and ion exchange water as a universal solvent ppt washer solvent bottle for pontiac sunfire coin cleaning solvent ips solvent cements srm solvent recovery copon 3000 cleaning solvent solvent drum slot exhaust pour off solvent recovery systems manufactured in canada petroleum solvent dry cleaners test solvent distiller alkalol mucus solvent thin layer chromatography solvent flammable storage solvent cabinets behkol solvent power steering fluid solvent power steering fluid solvent solvent resistance gloves glitsa solvent sealer cefic petroleum solvent streams chemistry solvent selection tool safe parts washer solvent polar protic solvent rust conversion with solvent based primer tintas mild solvent bayer plastic solvent stress test universal thinner solvent polyamide solvent relative viscosity oil solvent extraction process precipitating polyvinyl acetate emulsion solvent grout solvent for stainless steel solvent printers solutions paint solvent 55 gal price cefic petroleum solvent streams purfect solvent food safe solvent solvent extraction of ethanol solvent weld area drain 43560 acrtylic solvent art painting restoration used eco solvent printers solvent based what is eco solvent solvent inks biodegrable solvent degreaser chemicals and solvent distributer solvent recovery system solvent resistance nylon 12 corpane solvent reclamation unit sc solvent goldenwest super solvent auto body paint supply wash solvent definition of solubility solvent solution solute hazards solvent pipes stoddard solvent 8052_41_3 mno2 solvent reduction parts cleaning solvent limestone solvent boiling point of aromatic 100 solvent volatile solvent while air particle paerts washer solvent greenfield massachusetts dipyridyl extraction solvent organic solvent respirators solvent weld for neoprene solvent plumbing 1705 solvent msds nails solvent progena fragrance solvent liquid solvent extraction trading solvent australian ideal solvent nordson solvent spantex solvent 400 air agitated solvent bath solvent recovery division megtec historical use of dry cleaning solvent adding windshield solvent to lincoln solvent and solute liquid is called universal solvent wood glue solvent windshield washer solvent chemical make up pall solvent filter tlc solvent system for flavonoids reverse phase hplc solvent strength adjustments solvent free paint allback paint gamma butyrolactone solvent solute and solvent of steel mixed xylenes solvent pdf solvent hand pumps solvent extraction of ethanol paper for solvent printers mobile solvent recovery system solvent distillation unit sterling shower stall solvent weld drain schwartz y2 solvent cement primer nitro solvent where to find c22 solvent water solvent property investigation sasol 142 solvent wilbond solvent biodegrable solvent degreaser roland pc50 solvent solvent welding lexan polycarbonate solvent for cleaning wheel bearings typewriter rubber roller solvent solvent weld abs plastic what are solute solvent and solution solvent ink from japan omega rs3a solvent recycler parts tba solvent m_pyrol solvent distributors solvent applications super glue solvent hp solvent printer az epson solvent ink nazdar fire resistant storage solvent cabinets xylene based solvent residual solvent limit in paprika oleoresin air dry solvent based coating solubility solvent loss lab beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual solvent band solvent parts tumbler solvent yellow 174 stoddard solvent youth solvent abuse centre solvent solute uap inc parts cleaning solvent window tint removel solvent exxsol d40 solvent exxon weld_on 3 solvent cement water universal solvent good things solvent exposure localized headache solvent benches service first safety solvent chm0029 electronic solvent nmp solvent property sp 977 solvent rtv silcone solvent limits on solvent storage uk example of aqueous solvent epa solvent alternative guide solvent paints solvent isocyanate alcohol detergent surfactant tenside pearl cleaning solvent recycling solvent recovery isopropanol alcohol titebond solvent free msds tba solvent lops solvent solvent and solute of brass solvent solvent extraction of metals american lacquer solvent co chlorophyll chromatography solvent formula greener solvent history solvent delivery module what is a basic solvent naphtalin solvent naphta solvent s_316 solvent extraction pictorial procedure solvent emissions europe skimmer solvent salicylic acid solvent solvent based concrete sealer regripping solvent solvent toulene substitute solvent candle wax solvent solvent black md7 solvent based inks eco solvent ink durability vinyl solvent cement msds hfc_152a solvent solvent abuse regulations separation of polymers by solvent fractionation solvent extraction procedure solvent inclusion what is solubility solvent solution solute safety solvent 32 mini solvent washers burning solvent propanol ipa properties stronger solvent eep solvent eastman solvent miscibility table solvent for novobiocin solvent recovery unit kf solvent oce solvent ink solvent inkjet printer rust conversion with solvent based primer tripple d solvent acetone free haps solvent sidewinder solvent recovery system is denatured alcohol a solvent solvent wite_out solvent safety tank deuterated solvent reference guide nmr own colorspan solvent incarnated solvent abuse lyrics cleantech solvent filter 140 solvent solid liquid solvent extraction vinal solvent for welding the plasic solvent rag laundry seattle bonding solvent floor product mat vinyl solvent extraction of oil crc solvent solvent resistant epoxy what is polar solvent polarity of solvent in tlc solvent violet b fda solvent carry_over plastic pipe cutter fitting tubes solvent is methylated spirit a solvent bromination in acetic acid solvent ideal solvent solvent cabinet used eco solvent printers solvent immunity naphtha non_polar solvent attack solvent m250 shanghai solvent acetal solvent cleaning container petroleum solvent accelaerated solvent extractions aninal feeds flatbed solvent printer small format airless sprayers solvent compatable came solvent spray can adhesive solvent remover thorne research side effects solvent extraction of ethanol atosol solvent adhesive based polyurethane pu solvent zodiac inflatable glue solvent weld_on 3 solvent cement urethan caulk solvent solvent co2 glycine stoddard solvent buy white_out stain solvent solvent vapor degreasers for rail vinyl adhesive solvent the universal solvent meaning solvent alternatives hplc solvent uv spectrum colorless solvent 3 solvent grow precipitating solvent polymer gc nonpolar solvent oxygen service solvent test method mpd solvent solvent extraction acetylene removal solvent extraction pakistan a_151 solvent solvent recycler cleaning equipment aromatic solvent p_2 supplier what is solvent ink what does universal solvent mean m250 shanghai solvent acetal afff polar solvent canter conduit solvent cement msds methyl acrylamide nonpolar solvent quinone diazide kar products solvent 530 solvent for acrylic paint solvent dyes manufacturer india fda solvent regulations dimethylformamide solvent selection solvent abuse person pall solvent filter cpvc solvent gun cleaning solvent tank polyethylene solvent cyanoacrylate adhesive or liquid styrene solvent water immiscible volatile solvent consturction solvent unloading containment parts washer cleaning solvent gun flush solvent devilbiss solvent saver gun solvent delivery system solvent extraction process day night solvent hoppes no 9 solvent solvent screen ink solutions solute solvent saturation automotive cleaning solvent reed fragrance diffuser solvent composition solubility solvent volume solvent bio parts solvent lacquer thinner solvent recovery boiling temp solvent extraction acetylene removal solvent based acrylic paint solvent printing digital pricing solvent cabinet extraction of salvinorin a with solvent what are solvent based ingredients autodock 4 solvent parameters harkrider solvent 3 solvent based mold release formulation what is aprotic solvent thf solvent polyester solvent inkjet printers electronic cleaning solvent atsol 150 solvent fetal solvent gasoline syndrome rf values solvent front make citrus solvent tlc solvent system destil solvent solvent to remove wall tiles air agitated solvent bath solvent glue jar shell solvent chart fast residual solvent analyzer solvent of grease patent ian campbell solvent part washer solvent class action lawsuit safety kleen solvent gloss stability solvent based coatings petroleum solvent dry cleaning performance tests hood ventilation solvent dispensing mobile solvent recovery system cleaning compound solvent 677 solvent cleaner knead solvent removal solvent burning furnances urethane reducer solvent blend solvent x2 solvent ink printers vegetable oil solvent permanent marker solvent baltic room seattle solvent reclaimers sasol lpa solvent solvent wash bottle canada moe solvent parts washer regulations solvent emissions deadline solvent based pool paints solvent safe for phenolic pvc pipe break the solvent weld dry a solvent w epsom salt detachol solvent solvent dark brown 5r naphta spirits solvent windshield washer solvent solvent disposal regulations protein solvent accessibility the universal solvent water oconnor solvent ink solvent printer roland high resolution chlorinated solvent tintas mild solvent disadvantages of water universal solvent solvent extraction with benzene amica solvent supply co jax fl clean tech solvent filter solvent resistance of pigment red 254 waste c2cl4 solvent recycling alkaline solvent degreaser singapore what is a polar solvent roberts 1912 solvent cleaner classifications of solvent waste solvent resource management dangerous solvent solvent disposal regulations solvent based ingredients hot melt glue solvent resistance methanol formic acid solvent solvent and mortgage base dye ink to base solvent homemade solvent for concrete pool deck preparation of solvent violet 8 365 solvent msds solvent chart industrial solvent medical citrus solvent degreaser metal solvent can stoddard solvent definition flash point sc100 solvent felt tip water_based solvent sharpie golf club grip solvent solvent cleaner 5077 fh30 solvent furniture glue solvent solvent bonding pc stonebridge uk drug solvent nfpa rules for solvent extraction plants solvent dyes manufacturer india mutual solvent define polar solvent solvent bond pvc to polyurethane solvent for glucose and paper chromatography dot lab solvent contamination displacement and water as a solvent solvent based adhesive remover methyl radical common solvent pvdf solvent binder silicon adhesive solvent solvent and bleach advantages of the universal solvent mi bank solvent cyno acrylate solvent solvent plumbing united lab universal solvent poisonous solvent china solvent storage cabiinets epson solvent ink industrial solvent suppliers solvent for cyanoacrylic glue generator cleaning solvent suppliers recycling solvent rags cutting solvent i p m solvent art transfer bev bell solvent handling empty solvent can solvent dpm 980 polar protic solvent mek_pak solvent solvent information systems inc cleaning compound solvent da1500_900_55g phosphate mining solvent extraction non toxic non polar solvent c900 solvent drycleaning solvent recipe still clean solvent recycler application of nonaqueous solvent system 66 quick dry solvent escape solvent 30 glycerol solvent solvent resistant marker solvent vegetable oil fuel tlc solvent system development cyclone rapid solvent evaporator solvent and solute of air carbitol solvent voc great lakes solvent recovery impress drycleaning solvent solvent solubility in water pathology test solvent exposure hydrogenated terpene solvent mouthwash solvent why calculating molar solutions solute and solvent solvent 365 msds gamma butyrolactone gbl solvent solvent for 2 4_dnp removing window tinting solvent solvent for acrylic paint pvc pipe break a solvent weld solvent buddy gunwash petroleum ether and acetone solvent solvent recovery brayton solvent dispenser bottles diethyl ether strong polar solvent butyl solvent cleaners toulene substitute solvent market research solvent china organic solvent mek fetal solvent syndrome north coast solvent solvent damage msds solvent 102 143 degree naptha solvent perk dry cleaning solvent lady solvent solvent and group solvent silver what house hold chemicals are solvent uni ram solvent recycler urs500 solvent saturated wipes solvent acrylic sheet is pine sol a solvent chemical solvent ipa crud and solvent and extraction solvent for copper deposition solvent adhesive weldon solvent inks osha removing solvent resisting glues ci solvent yellow 163 solvent violet 36 solvent cement for cpvc material amber methodology baobab oil solvent extraction solvent distillation regulations solvent distributors 2 solvent purification by crystalization tapioca solvent disperse red esterifying solvent solvent coating knifes inkjet solvent ink printers steel tanks for solvent storage organic solvent list acoh solvent mros and solvent use solvent for pe wax super glue solvent solvent for removal of superglue waste solvent pickup service miami florida citrus based solvent polyester resin nanochemistry solvent solvent line fire protection solvent headache water ideal solvent organic chemistry nmr solvent organic compounds chcl3 hoppes solvent solvent cement for pvc to pp propylene carbonate solvent used solvent distillation equipment solvent recovery unit science experiment solute solvent solvent transfers southeastern chemical and solvent solvent remix solvent weld pvc pipe deinking solvent extraction technologies unex solvent washing sodium dicarbonate injet media and solvent mmedia flammable storage solvent cabinets mak solvent solvent filters solvent based siloxane concrete sealer petroleum solvent dry cleaners test enthalpy for cs for solvent extraction solvent recyclers cleaning equipment solvent is water solvent and group gorilla cleaner safety solvent releaseall rust solvent organic chemistry solvent extraction r41 solvent tarr ice dams solvent nylons percent aromatic solvent testing solvent bottle with brush solvent filtration for 2 4_dnp electrical solvent solvent for parts washer glycerine as emulsion solvent solvent ink art supplies solvent selection tool solvent concentration plastic solvent cement solvent black 46 solvent list by boiling point range epdm fpm solvent compatability solvent free cashew nut oil blast windshild solvent in madison illinois model decal solvent solvent developing resist solvent solubility in water aqueous gassed solvent ethyl oleate solvent pathology test solvent exposure diketone no solvent a solvent is always a toner solvent document forgery citrus fury solvent kitchen cabinet finish solvent polyethersulfone solvent synthesis solvent test for valve seat sealing solvent neutral base oils fda solvent regulations acetate solvent compatibility genesis no solvent polish nail electrical solvent ps99 duraplus solvent cement msds diffusion solvent polym re pdf pd_680 solvent msds firestone solvent over eps insulation crc solvent solvent base coating machine alkanolamine solvent cleaning solvent woodlake ca microelectronics solvent cleaning solvent recycler cleaning equipment butyl acetate pe wax solvent solvent chemical in niagara falls systemone solvent c9 solvent atosol solvent colorfill solvent electron solvent calculating crystallographic cell content solvent content what is solvent based cleaner solvent parts tumbler ammonia acetic acid developing solvent compare ucarsol hs solvent 115 amine resorcinol solvent kerosene solvent the most common solvent phosphate mining solvent extraction water solvent experiment otis bor solvent solvent base polyurethane foam solvent mib solvent what is mini solvent washer paco solvent rust r_41 solvent solvent naphtha supplier solute solvent and solution solvent container with brush packag compatibility solvent solvent for peek evoh solvent solubility dmm solvent solvent emission uk epa solvent waste h a p s free solvent label printer solvent jet replacement solvent for trifluroacetic acid h p solvent printers ester solvent vapor recovery solvent welding pvc membrane ms 944 solvent miller pacer solvent black magic solvent polyurethane solvent polyvinylidene chloride binder solvent goldex solvent and spot remover fast residual solvent analyzer solvent ink printers reng 1101 solvent degreaser solvent 1705 solvent s_316 property of dichloromethane as a solvent aromatic solvent commercial solvent extraction processs can splenda absorb solvent hexagol solvent fat splitting solvent p_d_680 solvent msds qt hoppes solvent solvent and leominster ma beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual 3m solvent rustoleum solvent based garage floor epoxy heated windshield washer solvent precipitaion of enzymes by organic solvent upholster cleaner solvent petroleum ether polar solvent acetone non_polar pressure pvc pipe solvent weld backward design solvent carlon solvent cement butyl solvent paint solvent extraction tank solvent printer craigslist organic solvent pregnancy brief exposure solvent gravure printers solvent emissions europe how to do solvent swell test elastomer solvent styrene solvent red 164 msds solvent filtration qsol 300 cleaning solvent extraction and mixed solvent recrystallization lab solvent ranking static charge formation solvent switching dry break volatile solvent particle count flatbed solvent printer electronic potting solvent upholstery dry cleaning solvent fetotoxicity naphtha solvent mecn solvent adhesive remover solvent used solvent plotter liquid solvent cement k m sheffield solvent pricing solvent loading terminals science experiment solute solvent solvent weld_on dupont degreaser solvent solvent ink epson ebr solvent slim tube apparatus for solvent miscibility solvent extraction diagram devoe t10 epoxy solvent hplc solvent degasser gun bore solvent alternate solvent and selection silicone rubber solvent solvent based solution organic solvent damage cell membane afff foam polar solvent mesh solvent banner fabric solvent welding lexan polycarbonate solvent transfer solvent with very high molecular weight solvent ich why is water a good solvent solvent blue 104 solvent for oils and fats mfblp285 backlit solvent solvent solvent concentration equilibrium solvent colours solvent paint slow evaporation petroleum naptha solvent solvent ink printers allpro acetone solvent printing ink solvent tlc solvent system development alkalol mucus solvent green solvent replacement for trifluroacetic acid hdehp solvent wash cesium degradation liquid solvent cement k m sheffield clostridium iii international workshop conference solvent thin layer chromatography too polar solvent formula a95 solvent essential oils absolutes solvent difference between solute and solvent cyclohexanol solvent reaction define financial solvent upholster cleaner solvent lipstick solvent chest cold solvent solvent viscosity 2 agar bees wax solvent high purity solvent recycling metal recovery and solvent extraction mouthwash solvent why water biology solvent properties support life solvent for chrcoal md7 solvent based inks ds_108f solvent canadian forces where to find c22 solvent solvent molecule calculation solvent developing resists polysulfone solvent resistance hair removal wax solvent injet media and solvent mmedia method of solvent extraction wax solvent mib solvent what is solute nad solvent solvent reclaimation dep drycleaning solvent cleanup program broward paint and solvent cans solvent condensing plant and cryogenic solvent tradenames and synonyms convert epson 2200 to solvent ink the most common solvent among liquid is sugar a solvent is isoparaffinic hydrocarbon solvent patrolium vitamin c solvent 1 gal can solvent dispenser loctite safety solvent cold solvent cleaner manufactureres gun cleaner solvent testing of solvent solvent resistance of pigment red 254 pressure pvc solvent weld failures dionex accelerated solvent extractor biological effects of solvent light aromatic solvent solvent red 175 perylene cooks solvent titebond 7272 solvent free drywall adhesive solvent drainage system solvent detergent inactivation gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant msds good solvent for dissolving pharmaceuticals paint solvent use by industry segment dionex accelerated solvent extractor solid dispersion mannitol solvent evaporation which solvent dissolves glue not garnet ultem solvent resistance solvent resistant plastics silly putty solvent fetal solvent syndrome plexiglass solvent paper solvent parylene solvent tlc solvent choice monomer solubility in solvent chlorinated solvent reclaiming chaser solvent natural solvent free nail polish solvent resistant labels solutions lineolum floor removal solvent solvent weld bacteria in fish system silicone sealant solvent solvent abuse discography solvent extraction method solvent miscibility drycleaning solvent solvent label printing home use parts washers solvent pvc solvent solvent resistant plastics solvent handling training solvent properties solvent natural rubber uni_ram solvent recycler trane solvent ddd heavy aliphatic solvent amoxicillin solvent tecsol solvent what is regripping solvent made of solvent damage to cars solvent tradenames cd two general classifications of solvent waste packag compatibility solvent pd 680 solvent degreaser high boiler solvent american lacquer solvent co moe solvent parts washer regulations gun cleaning solvent americhem solvent barns solvent farnham solvent hotel and spa sharpie solvent ink dry cleaning solvent suppliers echo and solvent delivery dea solvent cleanroom wipe solvent extraction justrite solvent can solvent ink jet printers dallas texas solvent baltic calculate molarity from solvent and solution why is universal solvent an advantage waste c2cl4 solvent recycling gc method for solvent analysis elastomer solvent styrene butadiene loctite cleeaning solvent msds is lavender essential oil a solvent solvent cf 20 what is a polar solvent plexiglass acrylic solvent cement pvc to abs solvent is oil a solvent soybean meal solvent extraction sidewinder solvent recovery solvent electrical conductivity table carnauba solvent oxy denatured alcohol nu_kote solvent typewriter carbon petroleum ether and acetone solvent solvent gorilla glue solvent line fire protection linoleum floor removal solvent solvent tape solute solvent thermodynamics epdm fpm solvent compatability chi and ideal solvent linoleum floor removal solvent solvent weld pvc to cpvc dupont prep solvent 70 caulk solvent solvent abuse discography industrial solvent remove thinset solvent volatile solvent solvent for linseed on wood hplc solvent strenght chart solvent in coke dupont vertrel solvent alcohol as solvent in pharmaceutical industry solubility solvent volume chemistry lab vinyl gasoline solvent parts cleaner solvent a_151 solvent degreaser solvent for 2 4_dnp saftykleen 105 solvent fat splitting solvent a solvent is always a specific heat of solvent cements dissolve collagin solvent ms 944 solvent srm solvent recovery caustic solvent dirty solvent reclaimer naphthenic solvent solvent naphtha supplier heat solvent resistant tape removing solvent resisting glues d3 solvent fabric electron solvent vitamin c solvent solvent recovery uk properties of water solvent solvent of gold solvent art transfer pvc to abs solvent homemade citris solvent universal solvent sought by alchemists electrosol solvent cleaner loctite safety solvent solvent damage asphalt thf solvent polyester acrylic aquarium solvent temperature correction and solvent extraction grow chemical solvent wet look solvent based concrete sealer solvent based inks solvent plastic cancer blackpowder cleaning solvent solvent of grease phosphate mining solvent extraction solvent odor filter systems loctite cleaning solvent pine tar solvent mno2 and solvent reduction msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent solvent weld adaptor glue or solvent ofr acrylic plastic solvent database mixing liquid silicone rubber with solvent solvent distillation homemade parts washing solvent inktec solvent dye tinte preparation of solvent violet 8 richelieu solvent montreal lacquer diethylene chloride solvent water solvent oxygen absolve solvent solvent reclaimer loctite 12121 solvent richelieu paint solvent montreal lacquer safey clean premium solvent fetal solvent syndrome purchase biodegradable terpene solvent vapor degreaser solvent cleaning solvent for clocks universal solvent advantages solvent sublimation ink t1100 rinse solvent msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent what does universal solvent mean regrip solvent dorman quick boot kit solvent a solvent spirit flammable solvent dispenser solvent uhu super glue solvent hippies lsd solvent m50 alpha lipoic acid solvent free loctite cleaning solvent 755 school district financially solvent air conditioning coil cleaning solvent z solvent free adhesive greener solvent stodart solvent solvent properties of n alkanes solvent based sealant tlc solvent system for alkaloids fabrics for solvent printers solvent damage to cars solvent extraction uranium solvent 64742_88_7 spray gun for brake solvent tpv pad printing solvent orient solvent yellow 163 copper oxidation by solvent chemical test arjuna bark different solvent good solvent solvent drain cans solvent safety in laboratory ovens repairing solvent pop definition of solvent stoddard solvent 8052_41_3 solvent supplier b k solvent pvc union elite wash solvent npb solvent emissions solvent neurotoxicity incidence california regulations on solvent cements ideal solvent burning solvent solvent property solvent switching manifold omega rs3a solvent recycler aliphatic petroleum solvent aromatic and solvent solvent package acrylic top coat carnauba solvent inject spray away solvent and degreaser solvent properties of acetone roland large solvent printer paint removing solvent for laundry water solvent covalent substances food safe solvent solvent solubility automotive solvent tank historical use of dry cleaning solvent solvent storage ireland chemclear solvent msds 150 safety solvent accelerated solvent extraction patches pet solvent solvent removable dettol solvent acrylic paint roland printer inkjet mild solvent ampicillin solvent solvent removable diethylene chloride solvent urethane reducer solvent blend chlorinated solvent transformation pathway solvent for fabulon exxsol d40 solvent exxon solvent in coje solvent mopping procedures solvent degreaser green clean solvent and drycleaning flammable solvent cabinets dupont vertrel mca solvent solvent polarity pigment absorption solvent based laundry soap cyclohexanone solvent pumps solvent red 175 perylene non solvent nail polish remover solvent selection chromatography turco solvent smt solvent solvent extraction acetylene removal what is a solvent for caulk solvent ink printing dowanol pm solvent gas solvent driveway residual solvent specification contract solvent printing solvent recovery system texas residual solvent limit in paprika oleoresin what is the solvent of sulphate solvent extraction partial oxidation pyrolysis gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant rtv silcone solvent gun solvent reviews solvent naphta a 150 formula for mixing a solvent gradient solvent free adhesives guidelines system one solvent tank recall stoddard solvent composition solvent hydrocarbon fluid aromatic solvent selection chemical engineering magazine chemical solvent property tables incomplete removal of volatile solvent otis bor solvent chlorinated solvent prices solvent recyclers cleaning equipment flux_off cz cleaning solvent nfpa rules for solvent extraction plants solvent selection in testing for lipids solvent weld acrylic plastic felt tip water_based solvent sharpie locktite solvent roof cement solvent de_carb solvent free microbial degreaser cleaner nw solvent waste solvent collector windshield cleaning solvent thermal grease solvent stanley hand helpers solvent glove 2523 solvent intrusion adhesive dea solvent msds who makes oxol solvent part solvent solvent conductivity meter seperating pvc glue solvent hoppies gun solvent cil nmr solvent data chart solvent extraction chloroform improve solvent for novobiocin legal definition of solvent solvent molecules see other solvent molecules new solvent permits lake county ohio solvent tradenames and synonyms citrus solvent degreaser tar double imine formation no solvent carbanion stability solvent solvent naphtha schwer nd chemical and solvent suppliers uk safety clean solvent locktite safety solvent solvent cement for cpvc material solvent dyes manufacturer india dry erase marker solvent solvent ink dmso as a solvent roland printer inkjet mild solvent heavy aliphatic solvent backlit solvent film solvent phoenix encana oil sand solvent steam paraffinic solvent uv solvent alkalol mucous solvent polar protic solvent moe solvent parts washer regulations online dictionary solvent composition stoddard solvent the mechanism of co solvent solubilization what is solvent based ink solvent for super glue what solvent will bond acrylic sheet thickened chlorinated solvent compositions and method epa solvent alternative guide wash oil solvent ethyl acetate h2o solvent safety clean premium solvent solvent screening is hydrogen peroxide a solvent residual solvent guideline solvent dispensor high flashpoint solvent increte removing solvent based coatings air is solvent sulfuric acid and paint solvent typewriter rubber roller solvent solvent inlet filter p n 6101 solvent selction tools oce 64 solvent printer extraction of salvinorin a with solvent bore solvent safety solvent 32 stainless steel solvent sinks cleaning solvent engine oil ci solvent yellow 163 msds solvent resistant hand cream good solvent for crystallization process dupont 3919 s prep sol solvent eluent optimisation solvent triangle medullablastoma and solvent exposure water free cleaning solvent solvent viscosity and kb dte solvent solvent solute definitions desolvit solvent used oil re_refining solvent extraction citgo voc exempt solvent cosmetic solvent does solvent move dyes good solvent for dissolving pharmaceuticals gamlen 28 solvent solvent intrusion adhesive functions of binders in solvent dyeing characteristics of non polar solvent what is solvent ink d_limonene nonpolar solvent windshield washer solvent msds sheet surfactant for flourinated solvent solvent parts tumbler part solvent tlc solvent choice solvent based flexo ink solvent dispenser fiberglass adhesive solvent and acetone solution solute solvent solvent used to clean guns sennoside tlc development solvent solvent for rubber cement solvent inks for hp 9000 teflon solvent testing valves leakage with solvent carlon solvent cement msds diluting polyurethane with acetone solvent ak 225t solvent isopar l dry cleaning solvent organic solvent damage cell membrane explanation solvent blue 43 what is solubility solvent solution solute silicone sealant solvent examples of organic solvent solvent resistant tape solvent extraction method in plastic sharpie solvent ink mineral spirits as parts washer solvent harkrider solvent 3 pm solvent solvent gravure printers chromatogram solvent effects solvent group california df2000 drycleaning solvent solvent ink from japan nylon and solvent and patch lead sulphate solvent solvent triangle uap inc parts cleaning solvent home made gun powder solvent solvent inhalation floor glue solvent solvent filtration for 2 4_dnp solvent inkjet printer organic solvent beet retain gas in a solvent pacer solvent paint solvent use by industry segment solvent used in herbal extracts grip solvent uk percent aromatic solvent testing solvent mk244 preferred solvent for grignard reactions solvent cleaning parts washer info d80 solvent msds gorilla glue solvent remover solvent free masking 3m adhesive remover solvent rain_x washer solvent solvent super glue solvent applications homemade parts washing solvent vegetable oil solvent solvent ink pad solvent to replace aceton acrylic solvent formula solvent auto ignition green clean dry cleaning solvent company specific gravity for solvent items colorless perfume solvent water as auniversal solvent butane solvent hash boiling point of aromatic 100 solvent barton solvent solvent resistant epoxy printer has been converted to solvent mmb solvent msds mobile solvent distillation solvent cabinet au solvent inlet filter p n 6101 hp 1050 solvent conditioning module storage of solvent rags solvent for semicarbazone monocyclic terpene paraffinic naphthenic solvent solvent distillation recovery emission factors one shot industrial drain solvent solvent for glucose and paper chromatography envo cleaning solvent solvent extracted neem oil solvent music album carpet cleaning solvent dap wood filler solvent trichlorethylene and solvent spent parts washer solvent automotive parts cleaning solvent ether as solvent ebr solvent flammable solvent storage shed carburetor cleaning solvent ingredient dionex accelerated solvent extractor properties of selexol solvent solvent shifts in spectroscopy loctite 12121 solvent absolve solvent what is a dry cleaning solvent dmf solvent evaporation washer solvent tank solvent swelling index waste solvent collector ethyl acetate h2o solvent application of nonaqueous solvent systems alkyl siloxane in hydrocarbon solvent solvent coating knives solvent type iii 59601 carpet glue solvent greener solvent history solvent resistance of pigment red 254 solvent bonding hdpe solvent brush scrubbing machine 1 gallon solvent cans solvent of super glue solvent 3m adhesive remover silicone solvent disadvantages of water as a solvent solvent abuse canada 30 glycerol solvent parts washer solvent nafion solvent dry erase marker solvent solvent wish lyric different types of solvent castor oil solvent extracation plant submersible solvent pumps 140 solvent msds solvent barrier cream solvent system e toner solvent document forgery solvent odor filter systems orange solvent to buy online solvent packaging tape solvent spill kits ink solvent school escondido mineral spirits solvent tank solvent free cashew nut oil solvent to unclog hp printer cartridges solvent based automotive masking tape natural solvent department transportation testing lab solvent all natural solvent nylon solvent advantages of the universal solvent contractors solvent solvent cost savings analysis solvent condensing plant and cryogenic stoddard solvent texas gasoline solvent butane solvent hash solvent paint absorbent sennoside tlc development solvent solvent dispenser hunter tools 64022 solvent dissolve insoluble protein submersible solvent pumps solvent resistant amoxicillin solvent solvent hairspray solvent blenders solution as hydrogen ion solvent liquid solvent for cellophane tape valspar solvent holster instapaker solvent wood spirit antifreeze solvent solvent welding and neoprene automatic solvent solution preparation solvent solvent solvation buying biodiesel solvent extraction of organic solvent degrease solvent microelectronics solvent cleaning solvent 142 amera tech solvent recycler aprotic solvent flammable solvent storage shed protein solvent accessibility solvent arcol 1366 wild seed primrose solvent extraction mc2 resin fluidized bed adsorption solvent buy stoddard solvent 150 safety solvent parylene solvent solvent based adhesive buy industrial solvent chemicals and solvent distributors hark rider quick dry solvent 3 diphenylquinoxaline no solvent california regulations on solvent cements solvent inkjet printer production solvent dispensers chlorophyll chromatography solvent formula wood stripping solvent copper solvent pro_shot methods of drying solvent info on solvent solutions hydrogenation solvent colorless perfume solvent solvoil pro cleaning solvent alcohol as a solvent free oral hair solvent remedy water is a universal solvent because hydrocarbon solvent solvent for rubber cement high boiler solvent destil solvent atosol solvent container solvent spray in_line solvent flowmeter water solvent property investigation solvent solution solvent ratio properties disadvantages for water as universal solvent solvent for hydrazine safety solvent safety kleen dipyridyl extraction solvent solvent clean bubble gum solvent solvent attack on abs solvent extraction processes solvent evaporation rates windshield washer solvent solvent free to dilute isocyanate solvent my radio mp3 washer solvent concentrate suppliers nafion solvent in water glycerol solvent dry a solvent w epsom salt run btex for stoddard solvent solvent selection tools shotgun bore solvent dry cleaning solvent natural attenuation byproducts solvent extraction plant fires mutoh solvent ink printers solvent transfer artists solvent to dissolve glue gorilla glue solvent solvent extraction from rice bran acetone nonpolar solvent definition three rivers unlimited black powder solvent . 	0
9480163201374	Sales of a product or service that is difficult or impossible to sell . This is often done in the form of a _ pyramid scheme . Some ads claim to offer a device that makes passive sales calls and the employee will be paid a commission of the sales . Some ads offer legitimate forms of work that really do exist but exaggerate the salary the effort that will have to be put into the job or the amount of work that will be available . Many such ads do not even specify the type of work that will be performed . Some similar schemes do not advertise work that would be performed at home but may instead offer occasional sporadic work away from home for large payments paired with a lot of free time . Some common offers fitting this description are . seeking to perform in movies and television commercials_Acting extras Getting paid to shop and dine . While mystery shopping actually does exist it requires hard work is paid close to minimum wage and most importantly does not require an up_front fee to join . 	Between Moms Work At Home Parents Online Kids And Biz Mom Fundraiser Options Find Party Plan Reps Home Party Plan Network cool yahoo widget downloads corporate antivirus software pricing download leisure suit larry warez download wilson phillips hotel california free whenever wherever shakira download tree planting programs connecticut free download reboot for dell download missing sfdvoeua dll files tv programs 9 3 2007 army lodging sucess program motorola v220 intallsion program download gtmp3_400 downloads nexxtex driver downloads narita hentai movie download architue apprenticship programs in washington dc papa roach forever free mp3 downloads shakti kapoor cam download create your own program pete bemko price jpmc action software picture frame designer software hbr oct 2007 download download free video of sylvia saint cracking gateway propritary software sim skin downloads decripting software cracks and serials downloads abdominal strep virus speak first program box plot software download mp3 doctor free motorola v220 intallsion program download weight watchers programs falcor thge urinator song download pilladio download cultural programs about slavery dynatek curvemaker software for mac training in program evaluation for education wv student page program halle berry sex downloads social software on swik net capcopm vs snk 2 characters download free xbox 360 games downloads trial zinio freshmen gay download free olympic email virus am_56ki_nd driver download software build procedures sims houses downloads free software roxio cd 5 girls rubbing boobs download video stream recording software solaris 9 iso download download paintshop pro full version free download installer foxpro ayat kursii omantel antivirus email dod antivirus free song download eminem verizon telephone programs for downloading data 2bmining downloads glepro geothermal software britney songs mp3 download fresh software my space backrounds downloads free download drace is execution video furni scripter download for habbo hotel Buy Bentley Staad Foundation 4_0 Download Now . 	0
9490017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . You should give serious consideration to these factors some dogs shed little and require no grooming clipping stripping etc others shed little but require more grooming others shed but do not require grooming and still others both shed and require grooming . Do note that just about all dogs will require some nail clipping regardless of conditions . If you get a dog that requires regular grooming are you prepared to pay for its grooming or learn to do it yourself and to do either regularly?How much grooming can you do . There are pros and cons to either sex all of which are generalities and may or may not apply to a specific dog . By all means if you have a preference get the sex you want . 	0
9500017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . Once you know the meanings of the basic parts of the words you can put them together to understand the meanings of many medical terms . These basic parts of medical terms are called stems prefixes and suffixes . During this course you will learn to identify and define a stem a prefix and a suffix . You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . 	0
9510017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . 	0
9520017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . The routes of person to person transmission and disease precautions will be of special interest . 	0
9530017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
9540017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . 	0
9550008502061	Goat Rock Beach . Sonoma County is bounded on the west by the Pacific Ocean and has 76 miles 122 km of coastline . The major coastal hydrographic features are Bodega Bay the mouth of the Russian River and the mouth of the at the border with Mendocino County . Gualala River . Six of the county is nine cities from Healdsburg south through Santa Rosa to Rohnert Park and Cotati are in the Santa Rosa Plain . The northern Plain drains to the Russian River or a tributary the southern Plain drains to the Russian River via the . Laguna de Santa Rosa edit Russian River . Much of central and northern Sonoma County is in the watershed of the Russian River and its tributaries . 	You can also request free assistance with your Medi_Cal application by contacting one of these . California Department of Health Services locations in Sonoma County . What is AIM . If you do not have health insurance or have a high deductible and do not qualify for Medi_Cal you may be able to obtain maternity care through the Access for Infants and Mothers AIM program . The AIM program offers affordable prenatal and maternity insurance for middle_income pregnant women and health insurance for their babies . 	0
9560174200884	A member of the Historic Hotels of America and the Small Luxury Hotels of the World the castle is a 4 Diamond AAA property and one of the top 20 US small hotels according to Conde Nast Traveler . Using wind power for electricity it is the only green castle in America . With 31 rooms added to the original structure its main tower is the highest point in Westchester County . Opened in 1997 as a luxury hotel and spa the Equus restaurant is worth a detour . 	Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . 	0
9570017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Higher levels of protection such as attack dogs require considerable training and experienced handling and are most definitely not for everyone_If you get your dog for protection you are obligated to make sure that it is safe reliable and trustworthy around people . You must either get it neutered or make provisions for keeping your bitch away from dogs when in heat . If your male is intact you must keep him under control when he smells a bitch in heat . 	0
9580017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Anatomy and physiology are two subject matter areas that are vitally important to most medical MOSs . Do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform your job or medical MOS . See also . Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . 	0
9590041000658	Greco_Bactrian Kingdom . 	Large groups of s moved from different directions toward Maiwand_ghazi . It was a hot day with the temperature reaching 120 degrees Fahrenheit by late morning and the prevailing haze limiting visibility to under a mile . 	0
9600097700181	Contents edit Tornado . 	According to Orlo Farnham who lived a few miles west of Windsor remembered seeing the house across the tracks from him picked up by the tornado and hurled into the air . 	0
9610133302696	The type proved to be ahead of its time it was complicated to maintain and uneconomical to operate . The sponsoring airlines and United decided to ask instead for a smaller and simpler derivative but before the definitive DC_4 could enter service the outbreak of the Second World War meant production was channeled to the and the type was given the military designation . Additional versions used by the were designated . The first aircraft a C_54 flew from in on . 	The Hercules has the biggest of any aircraft ever built at 319 ft 11 in 97_54 m the next largest wingspan is about 30 ft 9 m shorter but it is neither the longest nor the heaviest both of those titles are held by the . It is the largest flying boat and the largest aircraft made from wood_ wingspan Antonov An_225 18 . 	0
9620152500165	Although word stress is not phonemically contrastive in Standard Arabic it does bear a strong relationship to vowel length . The basic rules are . Only one of the last three syllables may be stressed . 	Water use and pollution would be listed in its own section . Finally labor practices fair trade and transparency organizational accountability and openness would be listed in the Social section . The graphic is optional but would greatly aid user comprehension . Ideally an eco_label would be useful to everyone from a six_year_old to an educated expert . 	0
9630174200884	In 1981 it was designated a historic landmark . A member of the Historic Hotels of America and the Small Luxury Hotels of the World the castle is a 4 Diamond AAA property and one of the top 20 US small hotels according to Conde Nast Traveler . Using wind power for electricity it is the only green castle in America . 	The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . The 170 million hotel built by Perini Building Co is seen as the centerpiece for the 500 million Mediterranean_themed MonteLago Village a joint development of Intrawest Corp_ and Cook Inlet Region Inc . 	0
9640041002863	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . 	Ranjit Singh became an implacable enemy of Pashtun rulers in Afghanistan . Zeman is downfall was triggered by his attempts to consolidate power . Although it had been through the support of the Muhammadzai chief Painda Khan that Zeman had come to the throne instead of his brothers Zeman began removing prominent Muhammadzai leaders from positions of power and replacing them with men of his own lineage the Sadozai . 	0
9650017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . 	0
9660174200884	Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . Moving north drop your bag at your first night is hotel Castle on the Hudson in Tarrytown . 	Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . 	0
9670010800257	Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . 	This goal is appropriate for both majority students and for those who are members of various ethnic minority groups . A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . 	0
9680017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . Many breeders will want to know what you plan to do about reproduction . Many will require that a pet quality puppy be neutered and withhold registry papers until receipt of proof of neutering thus making any puppies from that dog unregisterable . If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . 	0
9690017300189	Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . 	ACVO eye examination paperwork is on light tissue apper and will be a carbon copy if they have the CERF paperwork that will be a narrow computer printout with some blue lettering and they will no longer have the original ACVO paper but a copy as the original is turned in when requesting a CERF number . Take note of the numbers assigned and CALL OFA and or CERF and verify them . 	0
9700181600822	Some vanity and specialty plates in and are issued in pairs but only the rear plate is required to be displayed the optional front plate is something of a bonus for paying an extra fee for the plate . 	Increases from seven to 14 days the minimum notice that a locality must give the public of a public hearing in which the locality proposes to increase its total real estate tax levies more than 101 of the prior year is tax levies and requires that such notice be posted in the building where the governing body of the locality ordinarily meets as well as in a newspaper . 	0
9710010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . This existence does not adequately prepare them to function effectively in ethnically different environments and multicultural settings . 	0
9720017302438	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . As you become more proficient with these principles you may reach the point where you will not need to give them much conscious thought . 	0
9730066002591	All episodes are . The show has a lot in common with The Connection a syndicated NPR call_in show that Lydon did for years at WBUR in Boston until he had a falling out with management over ownership of the show in 2001 . 	ARCHIVES and other organizations_at the University of Maryland College Park has historical papers of PBS CPB NPR CTW JCET AECT National Public Broadcasting Archives . NPBA also offers an online index of and where they are located_ other collections of public broadcasting materials other repositories . Among them are the Mass Communications History Collection at thein Madison which has the papers of NAEB NET the Carnegie Commissions and Newton Minow among others . 	0
9740041002863	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . 	Although the names of Timor Genghis Khan and Mahmud of Ghazni are well_known for the destruction they wrought in South and Central Asia the name of the founder of the Afghan nation_state is relatively unknown to Westerners though Ahmad Shah created an Afghan empire that at its largest in the 1760s extended from Central Asia to Delhi and from Kashmir to the Arabian Sea see fig . 2 . There have been greater conquerers in the region before and since Ahmad Shah but never before his reign and rarely since has there been a ruler of this fragmented area capable not only of subduing the truculent Afghan tribes but also of pulling them together into a nation . 	0
9750017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This is perfectly sanitary and you can use the same procedure to clean up after your dog on walks _ by Cynthia D_ Miller . Animalia Publishing Co 1997 . 1_888_755_1318 . It includes dogs cats rabbits birds children and any combination thereof . Creating A Peaceable Kingdom . How to live with more than one pet . Introducing a puppy to an older dog is probably the easiest combination . If the older dog is properly socialized with other dogs you will not have problems . If the older dog is not you may have to keep the dogs separated until you are more confident about their getting along . In any case a puppy will often be restrained as per housetraining efforts when you are not at home . If you are introducing a puppy to a cat you will probably have some trouble for a few months . Older cats unless they have dealt well with dogs before will probably hiss and spit at the puppy or avoid it for a long time . As long as the cat has a place to retreat to and you teach the puppy to leave the cat alone granted easier said than done you will work through problems eventually . 	0
9760041000658	Though the modern state of Afghanistan was founded or created in 1747 by the land has an ancient history and various timelines of different civilizations . Excavation of prehistoric sites by Louis Dupree the the and others suggests that humans were living in what is now Afghanistan at least 50 000 years ago and that farming communities of the area were among the earliest in the world . Ahmad Shah Durrani 10 University of Pennsylvania Smithsonian Institution 29 30 . Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . 	The British hoped the Afghans were out of ammunition but it was a prelude to an all_out attack . At about 1430 dense masses of irregulars supported by regular infantry rose out of the flanking ravine and fell on the British center and left . The Heratis hit the grenadiers and the Kabulis engaged the Jacob is Rifles . Masses of some dressed in suicidal white shrouds spearheaded the attack . The British infantry fire that had kept the Afghans at bay failed to check the massed rush . The two Jacob is Rifles companies on the left came under enormous pressure . Having lost all their officers the companies broke and fled to the Grenadiers who were facing Afghans at close quarters . 	0
9770017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
9780010800257	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	One revealing sign of such inequality is the frequency with which racial hostilities are reported in headline news . Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
9790011900488	9500 years ago a family from the Pleiades known as the Anunaki came to Earth . The Anunaki are also known as the Creator Gods written about in the Old Testament and are also related to the Greek and Roman Gods . 	The Geological Society of America is pleased to announce a journal to be launched in early 2009_ will focus on tectonic processes at all scales that affect the crust and upper mantle from the surface to the base of the lithosphere and will highlight research that addresses how the surface crust and mantle interact to shape the physical and chemical evolution of the lithosphere at all spatial and temporal scales_LithosphereLithosphere . 	0
9800011900139	9500 years ago a family from the Pleiades known as the Anunaki came to Earth . The Anunaki are also known as the Creator Gods written about in the Old Testament and are also related to the Greek and Roman Gods . 	Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
9810017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
9820017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
9830133302696	The designation DC_4 was first used by Douglas Aircraft Company when developing a large four_engined type to complement its very successful already in widespread operation . It was intended to fulfil requirement for a long_range passenger airliner . Retrospectively this aircraft became known as the E for experimental . It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . 	Close friends reported that Hughes was obsessed with the size of peas one of his favorite foods and used a special fork to sort them by size . While directing Hughes became obsessed by a minor flaw in one of Jane Russell is blouses claiming that the fabric bunched up along a seam and gave the appearance of two nipples on each of Russell is breasts . 	0
9840175900978	With 300Tdi production stopping in 2006 Land Rover is currently gearing up production of a military version of the 4_cylinder DuraTorq engine that is also used as a replacement for the Td5 in civilian vehicles . The British Army is Land Rovers have been the subject of much criticism following recent operations in and . 	I used to own an ex_MOD Series 3 109 Land Rover but have had to sell it . These pages were developed during my ownership and are being kept online in_case they are of use to anyone else . Recently a has been added . Land Rover History . When I lived in the UK my car was a little unusual in that it was an ex_MoD Series 3 109 Land Rover . The British Army took delivery in January 1973 making it a little older than myself . 	0
9850048401477	The missile is flight path is pre_programmed and it becomes totally autonomous after launch . 1980 1982 . In June 1986 a limited number of AGM_86B missiles were converted to carry a high_explosive blast fragmentation warhead and an internal GPS . They were redesignated as the AGM_86C CALCM . 	Global Positioning System GPS is most common but efforts also include the Russian GLONASS system as well as the developing European Galileo and Chinese Compass systems . Research activities involve all aspects of these systems from satellite orbits to antenna receiver design and signal processing . The laboratory includes a number of Global Navigation Satellite System GNSS receivers and components as well as a full constellation GPS simulator . 	0
9860010800257	Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . Thomas indicated that diversity management must not be viewed as an us them kind of problem to be solved but as a resource to be managed . Beyond Race and Gender . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
9870135602603	Sunspots are regions of intense magnetic activity where is inhibited by strong magnetic fields reducing energy transport from the hot interior to the surface . The magnetic field gives rise to strong heating in the corona forming that are the source of intense and . 	For example shaded areas are protected from the sun and so the surface is not as hot as blacktop or pavement that is dark in color and fully exposed to the sunlight . Go over what a hypothesis is how you can devise a test or experiment to see if your hypothesis is true and basic rules about being accurate about your tests observations and recording of findings . Extension Ideas . Talk about controlling variables in experiments . Share ideas about how temperature readings for surfaces could be altered or changed by doing the experiment on a cloudy windy or cloudy and windy day . 	0
9880085601388	Bricks are made in an open frame 25 cm 10 inches by 36 cm 14 inches being a reasonable size but any convenient size is acceptable . The mixture is molded by the frame and then the frame is removed quickly . After drying a few hours the bricks are turned on edge to finish drying . 	The extreme exposition to the sun causes temperature changes to activate air circulation through the house even if the wind subsides . The immediate sensation one has as one enters the house is that of majestic proportions . Looking deceivingly small on paper a mere 1700 square feet and the space feels twice as big in reality „Frozen music‰ would be Fathy is famous phrase to describe the vaults wonderful proportions disciplined by mud_brick units held together like notes in a chord . 	0
9890134302824	Learn the basic concept of a comprehensive plan . Submit questions comments or suggestions about the plan . View drafts of the comprehensive plan and maps as they are completed and . Keep up_to_date on upcoming meetings and public hearings . Please feel free to submit questions regarding the plan and or the planning process . We look forward to your participation and thank you again for your interest in Arkadelphia city government . 	You should enter the from Country Club Road in Arkadelphia . From Arkadelphia go north on North 26th street until the end of the street . Turn right onto Country Club Road and then make an immediate left into the Youth Sports Complex . From Caddo Valley enter Arkadelphia on Hwy 67 and turn right onto Country Club Road at Pizza Hut . Proceed down Country Club road until after you pass a car wash laundromat and an apartment complex and turn right into the Youth Sports Complex . The soccer fields are on the far side of the Youth Sports Complex from the entrance road . 	0
9900017302438	A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Having supplies gathered ahead of time will help you handle an emergency at a moment is notice . You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . 	0
9910010800257	This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . 	Furthermore learning is a highrisktaking enterprise that works better when students are made to feel secure and centered in who they are and what they are already capable of doing before they are asked to take on new ventures . Psychological security and a positive feeling of selfworth are prerequisites for the more abstract need to know and learn . 	0
9920017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Ask questions like you would with a breeder expect a good outfit to screen you as well . Expect them to ask for a donation and require that the animal is neutered if it is not already . 	0
9930017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If something goes wrong you have no legal recourse if there is nothing in writing verbal contract laws in some states to the contrary . If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . 	0
9940017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This lesson plan teaches children about the contents of a First Aid Kit and each item is use . The goal of this lesson is to have students demonstrate their ability to access valid health information and health promoting products . 	0
9950041002863	In the up to the nineteenth century Afghanistan was part of a larger region known as . Several important centers of Khor s n are thus located in modern Afghanistan such as and . 	He was buried in Qandahar where his epitaph recalling his early connection with the Iranian monarchy calls him a ruler equal to Emperor Cyrus . Despite his relentless military attacks and his massacres of Sikhs and others in imperial warfare he is known in Afghan history as Ahmad Shah Baba or father . 	0
9960011900139	Our creation is currently embodied by a Creator Logos known as Lord and Lady Athena . Please note that as of January 1 1998 the feminine half of the Creator Lady Athena returned to embrace all 144 dimensions along with her masculine counterpart . 	Extension in the middle to lower crust in a thrust_thickened orogen may result from convective removal or peeling away delamination of part of a lithospheric root . Extension may also be induced by gravitational instabilities within the lower crust . 	0
9970140702230	Much of the support for the program comes from the Heritage Fund a fund started in 1990 by Arizona voters to further conservation efforts in the state . 	Besides these factors the natural wealth of Yellowstone has proved a magnet for wealth_seekers over the years from individual miners hoping to get rich by panning gold in the rivers to giant multinational companies with plans to build giant waste dumps several miles from the Park boundary . Yellowstone is wealth is made of wood as well as gold and battles have been fought to protect the region is trees for us all to enjoy . 	0
9980174200884	It is 2_3 of all varieties in sales and has the same market share as Zinfandel 2_3 but is only 10 of Chardonnays market share . It is also #2 in case volume growth for the past year Pinot Noir is #1 . All these facts are from November 2008 Wine Business Monthly . 	No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . 	0
9990017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	How to live with more than one pet . Introducing a puppy to an older dog is probably the easiest combination . If the older dog is properly socialized with other dogs you will not have problems . If the older dog is not you may have to keep the dogs separated until you are more confident about their getting along . 	0
10000017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . 	0
10010041000658	Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	2 . Map 1 based on maps in Brian Robson Maiwand . A Forgotten Disaster Volume 94 Number 2 1967 236_Army Quarterly and Defence Journal 3 . Brian Robson Maiwand 27th July 1880 No . 208 1973 194_95_Journal of the Society for Army Historical Research 4 . 	0
10020140700994	The Arizona Game and Fish Department works to recover threatened and endangered species to help urban residents appreciate and coexist with our unique wildlife to educate children about the environment and to create new opportunities for outdoor recreation . Research is a key element in the Arizona Game and Fish Department is conservation and management efforts . 	A harvest limit has been established for this season based on change in the mountain lion population resulting from mortality births lions coming into the Black Hills from other lion populations and lions dispersing from the Black Hills . 	0
10030017302438	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . The musculoskeletal system is composed of osseous bone tissue and muscle tissue . Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . 	0
10040017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . 	0
10050010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	If one of the primary functions of schooling is to transmit the sociocultural legacy of the nation to its young citizens then our educational system must incorporate multiculturalism as a persistent and routine component of programs and practices . 	0
10060079902118	by KMom . Copyright 1998 KMom_Vireday_Com . All rights reserved . DISCLAIMERThe information on this website is not intended and should not be construed as medical advice . Consult your health provider_This particular web section is designed to present more than one view of a controversial subject pro and con . 	This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . 	0
10070017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	As you become more proficient with these principles you may reach the point where you will not need to give them much conscious thought . Meanwhile however you should study this subcourse to gain a working knowledge of the fundamental principles of chemistry . Another good addition at this level would be and followed by In this subcourse you will study cardiac arrest basic life support to include rescue breathing chest compressions and recognition and treatment of cardiac dysrhythmias . This information will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . 	0
10080017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	A responsible breeder should have some history of breeding animals . They may be breeding for show or field work or just plain good pets . They should be able to tell you about some of their previous puppies . They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . 	0
10090017302438	The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . 	This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . The musculoskeletal system is composed of osseous bone tissue and muscle tissue . Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . Together skeletal tissue and muscle tissue are important parts of the functioning of the body as a whole . 	0
10100010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . 	This goal is appropriate for both majority students and for those who are members of various ethnic minority groups . A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . Multicultural education argues to the contrary . 	0
10110017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . 	0
10120010800257	In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
10130083102546	Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . 	He was also a remarkable inventor the combination lock the gimbal a ciphering tool and the Cardan shaft with universal joints are all his inventions and are in use to this day . He made contributions to physics he noted that projectile trajectories are parabolas and may have been first to note the impossibility of perpetual motion machines . He did work in philosophy geology hydrodynamics music he wrote books on medicine and an encyclopedia of natural science . But Cardano is most remembered for his achievements in mathematics . 	0
10140010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	The reason simply stated is that students learn in different ways and under different conditions many of which are governed by their cultural socialization . Some of the most salient specific ideas embedded in the three general categories of assumptions about the nature of society in the United States and the relationships between culture humanity teaching and learning discussed above can be summarized as follows . Multicultural education is a basic for all students in a culturally ethnically and socially pluralistic society such as the United States . 	0
10150017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . Ask to see the dog in the holding area most shelters have . You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . Expect some fear and nervousness . A few doggy treats may help calm it . If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . 	0
10160017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	Anatomy and physiology are two subject matter areas that are vitally important to most medical MOSs . Do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform your job or medical MOS . See also . Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . You will need to know medical terms in order to read a medical record to complete forms to decipher a physician is handwriting and to communicate with others in the hospital in a professional manner . At first the medical terms may seem strange and bewildering to you and appear to be extremely difficult to learn . Fortunately there is a logical method found in medical terminology . Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . Once you know the meanings of the basic parts of the words you can put them together to understand the meanings of many medical terms . 	0
10170010800257	Such practices that differed from the dominant majority culture in the melting pot philosophy were viewed not as merely different but as innately wrong_nepotism . Additionally certain groups were deemed by the dominant culture as unable to assimilate . Some of these groups were considered unassimilable because of marked behavioral differences . For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
10180017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	Consider the human predicament if the skin were not waterproof . Every time it rained each human would absorb water like a sponge . The skin also acts as a protective covering keeping underlying tissues from bacterial invasion and harmful light rays and from drying out . As a Medical NCO it is important for you to understand the complex functions of the skin . Today more than 8 million Americans are affected by renal_related diseases . This fact suggests that you will probably deal with renal patients often . 	0
10190154901044	This results in a loss of both fat and lean mass leading to a significant reduction in total body weight . 	Some policies may cover weight loss programs in conjunction with specific medical conditions such as primary diagnosis of type 2 diabetes or heart disease in which obesity is a factor and weight loss can lead to management or improvement of these conditions . But again you will need to ask your doctor and your insurance carrier this question in order to receive an accurate answer based on your coverage and medical status . 	0
10200010800257	This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . 	0
10210179400753	He has been sentenced to two lifetimes and that he will be for the sentence . 	Post N74197 . Top Site gaycockgames_com neverthelessmusic_com dealsandcouponss_net soduko_online_com . Post N61868 . 	0
10220174200884	You can walk from here down to the newly developed waterfront past Ella Fitzgeralds statue at the Metro North train station and the sculpture gardens . 	The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . 	0
10230174201455	We met with the founders daughter_Jennifer Breaux_Blosser who had a wedding scheduled that evening and lots of picnickers . The tasting room reminded me of one in Napa during a summer weekend . 	Packages are not applicable to groups of 10 or more rooms . Medici Caf Terrace offers a special Valentines Day menu on Saturday February 14 2009 including a sumptuous chocolate dessert from renowned pastry chef Chris Hanmer . Priced at 70 per person this delectable fixed menu features a choice of such main selections as beef tenderloin with short rib cannelloni butter_poached lobster with chanterelle mushrooms and roasted chicken breast complemented by black truffles artichokes and potato souffl . 	0
10240174202922	We met with the founders daughter_Jennifer Breaux_Blosser who had a wedding scheduled that evening and lots of picnickers . The tasting room reminded me of one in Napa during a summer weekend . 	It offers unparalleled service amenities and luxury all in a setting that will make you never want to leave . Ritz_Carlton . One of the focal points of the resort is Medici the elegantly designed restaurant driven by Executive Chef Stephen Marshall is unique take on Pan_Mediterranean cuisine . I had a chance to visit for the weekend brunch and came away impressed with the experience . First you have to take a moment to appreciate the room . 	0
10250079901122	Some foods should generally be avoided . Obviously sweets of any kind are excluded . Some RDs spell out every little forbidden food in excruciating detail but we will forego listing all the forbidden foods here and give ourselves credit for some intelligence . If in doubt read the labels . Any food that has sugar or a sugar variation usually ending in ose listed as one of the top ingredients is probably not a wise choice . 	However pancreas transplant should not be done when a person does have a heart or a blood vessel disease . The pancreas is very necessary for the digestion process . During the operation the recipient pancreas will still remain in its place and the donated pancreas will be attached in a different location . In some cases the new pancreas can even be rejected by the system of the recipients body . 	0
10260079902118	Some foods should generally be avoided . Obviously sweets of any kind are excluded . Some RDs spell out every little forbidden food in excruciating detail but we will forego listing all the forbidden foods here and give ourselves credit for some intelligence . If in doubt read the labels . Any food that has sugar or a sugar variation usually ending in ose listed as one of the top ingredients is probably not a wise choice . 	This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
10270097700181	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . 	This F3 twister touched down at 6 15 pm and took an east_northeast 33_km 20_6 miles track nearly parallel to the Grand Valley tornado causing sporadic damage from Alma towards the Hillsburgh to farm buildings . The Ontario tornado swarm killed 12 in total injured over 300 and left hundreds more homeless and out of work as nearly a thousand businesses and homes were destroyed or severely damage . The estimated cost was pegged at 100 million in property damage . 	0
10280097702990	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . 	Instead it is a quick_reference summary of tornado knowledge which will link you to more detailed information if you desire . Recent books from your local library or a major university library are still the deepest resource for learning about tornadoes and other severe storms so if you are doing your own research or school reports please visit the library in person . 	0
10290017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	There are that go along with being a good dog owner . A dog will live from 10 to 20 years depending on its breed size and general health . This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . Consider it part of your family this is no joke as that is exactly what the dog thinks YOU are its pack its family . 	0
10300017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . An is available for this document . This safety module is intended to be used as a refresher safety awareness session and is in no way to be used as a substitute for job training nor for proper equipment use . 	0
10310128502768	The organized in 1856 represented the industrialized North . In 1860 Republicans and their presidential candidate called for ending the expansion of slavery and instead expanding industry commerce and business . In 1861 they successfully pushed adoption of a . In 1862 the first Pacific railroad was chartered . 	This teaching is embodied in Warren s best_selling book first published in 1995_purpose driven Rick Warren Saddleback Church paradigm Christian The Purpose Dr_ven Church 1 . The basic premise of the Purpose Dr_ven paradigm is for a pastor to recognize and be obedient to God s for his people and his and organize around developing these characteristics into the lives of people within his care . In Christian terms this is the task of . 	0
10320128501874	The organized in 1856 represented the industrialized North . In 1860 Republicans and their presidential candidate called for ending the expansion of slavery and instead expanding industry commerce and business . In 1861 they successfully pushed adoption of a . In 1862 the first Pacific railroad was chartered . 	Warren is one of the most popular ministers in America but his comments comparing gay marriage to incest and bestiality have drawn the ire of gay rights groups while numerous atheist organizations sued to strike prayer during the inauguration entirely . 	0
10330017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	On the contrary no litter is 100 up to the criteria the breeder is looking for and the pup that does not quite meet the expectations of the breeder in ability or looks will make an excellent pet as he will otherwise be healthy and good tempered just what you want in your new companion . Irresponsible Breeders those who breed ONLY for the perfect show dog those who breed ONLY for top performance proper conformation good structure is key for comfortable and free movement good level of appropriate ability if a hunting breed dogs in the pedigree have hunting titles or have been used for hunting same for herding coursing etc_ good overall temperament good health . 	0
10340017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	We have also included access to our new First Aid Quick Guide which will give you concise information on what to do for the most common emergencies . This online manual has been designed to help a first responder in most emergency situations by providing simple to follow treatment sections . Emergency situations require prompt action and an untrained first responder can often find themselves at a loss to know what to do . 	0
10350017302438	Spay surgery also eliminates the heat cycle and associated mood swings and undesirable behaviors messy spotting in dogs and the attraction of all available males to your yard . The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . Spaying or Neutering is Good for . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . 	0
10360108500217	It also applied to standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 	The Gender Recognition Bill received its first reading in the House of Lords yesterday and is published today . The purpose of the Bill is to give transsexual people legal recognition in their acquired gender ensuring that for the first time transsexual people are afforded all the rights and responsibilities appropriate to that gender . 	0
10370079900873	A food that has a very high number attached to it can be expected to be a trigger food for many people causing their bG to have a sudden fast rise or to spike out_of_proportion to the amount of food eaten . It should be remembered though that individual response varies and some people can tolerate foods that are high on the index close observation of your response to each food is important_glycemic indexown . 	FAQ 4mg and 8mg Tablets from GlaxoSmithKline Pioglitazone HCl 15mg and 30mg Tablets from Dr_ Reddy is Glucophage 500mg and 850mg Tablets from Bristol_Myers Squibb . Diabetes Medications . Approximately 6 percent of the population of the United States have one form of diabetes . It is estimated that on two thirds of these people have been diagnosed . The total direct and indirect costs are believed to be around 130 billion . However it is the impact on the quality of life for many people with diabetes seek treatment for . Some of the complications from diabetes include heart conditions stroke blindness high blood pressure kidney disease amputations dental disease pregnacy problems nervous system conditions and other serious conditions that could end up causing unconsciousness or a diabetic coma . The benefits you get from ordering from Life_Ph_rmacy include . No prescription required . Flat 7_50 Shipping fee . No hidden charges . 	0
10380017302438	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	The snakes described here will be found mainly in the United States . For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . 	0
10390083102546	Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . 	Much of his work was never published and there are several important theorems attributed to him for which proofs had to be rediscovered among these is that any prime 4n 1 can be represented as the sum of two squares in exactly one way . Fermat records that he proved this with difficulty using his method of infinite descent . 	0
10400010800257	Diversity can also refer to historical groupings these might include political party or work committees peculiar to the organization . For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . 	Therefore to acknowledge and respect one another to be fully human requires mutual understanding and appreciation based on cultural understanding Gay 1991 Spindler 1987 . The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . 	0
10410017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . If you get a dog of that particular breed the modal typical value is simply the one you would be most likely to get . Listed here some good references on dog breeds others appear in the Publications FAQ . In addition there are many that are specific to one breed . 	0
10420010800257	The assimilation process according to the traditional view however was never expected to be total . Each group would add a distinguishing contribution to the overall national culture so that in time the myriad immigrant groups would alter the cultural norms of the rest of the nation in subtle ways . This philosophy was called the American melting pot . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . 	0
10430107000914	This turnaround was quite evident with the luxurious second generation Volvo S80 and the new small premium crossover Volvo XC60 . Recently there were talks about what to do with Volvo Cars in the event of a market failure with US automakers that would include parent FOMOCO . Swedish interest mounted their concerns after repeated mass layoffs at Volvo expressing that Sweden needs to enter the spotlight to help its automotive industry . 	In the UK despite being unsuitable for professional because of its low price many 300s has found its popularity amongst the amateur drifting community known as trampdrifting which old bangers are modified to drift at a minimal cost and is discarded once it reaches its end of life_ drifting . 	0
10440083102546	As only described in the writings of five centuries after him he was reputed to have designed and built the first artificial self_propelled flying device a bird_shaped model propelled by a jet of what was probably steam said to have actually flown some 200 meters . 	Gaspard Monge son of a humble peddler was an industrious and creative inventor who astounded early with his genius becoming a professor of physics at age 16 . As a military engineer he developed the new field of descriptive geometry so useful to engineering that it was kept a military secret for 15 years . 	0
10450048402554	AGM_86B missiles can be air_launched in large numbers by the bomber force . B_52H bombers carry six AGM_86B or AGM_86C missiles on each of two externally mounted pylons and eight internally on a rotary launcher giving the B_52H a maximum capacity of 20 missiles per aircraft . 	One satellite Navstar 7 was lost due to an unsuccessful launch on December 18 1981 . The Block I satellites were launched from using rockets that were converted . The satellites were built by at the same plant in where the second stages of the rockets had been built . The final Block I launch was conducted on October 9 1985 . The last Block I satellite was taken out of service on November 18 1995 . 1 Vandenberg Air Force Base Atlas intercontinental ballistic missiles Rockwell International Seal Beach CA S_II Saturn V 2 edit Block II satellites edit Initial Block II series . The first of the nine satellites in the initial Block II series was launched February 14 1989 the last was launched October 1 1990 . The final satellite of the series to be taken out of service was decommissioned March 15 2007 . 3 edit Block IIA series . Nineteen satellites in the Block IIA series were launched the first on November 26 1990 and the last on November 6 1997 . As of January 17 2009 six satellites of this series have been removed from service . 	0
10460079900398	For examples of each food type and its portion size see the ADA Exchange List booklet . since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . It is beyond the scope of this faq to list portion sizes be sure to consult your RD or the ADA booklet for this_Serving sizes are extremely important to note . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
10470010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . 	0
10480010803142	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Eiko Koma and Pianist Margaret Leng Tan . Mourning . Sunday August 31st 8pm on the QuadA small village in Burkina Faso is devastated by the sudden death of many of its children . The village elders conduct a search to find out the person responsible for all deaths . The blame falls on Napoko who is chased from the village . 	0
10490017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Asking other pet owners is not always effective because they may not have had any unusual or challenging health problems with their pets and vets that can be okay for routine stuff often are less impressive with unusal stuff . Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . Try one of the associates . 	0
10500083102546	This machine which its inventor called may have been suspended on a wire or pivot for its flight . Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . Thomas Winter has suggested that the pseudo_Aristotelian is an important mechanical work by Archytas not lost after all but misattributed_ mechanics 1 Aulus Gellius 2 3 The Pigeon 4 5 Vitruvius 6 Mechanical Problems 7 . According to Archytas solved the problem of in his manner with a geometric construction_ before reduced this problem to finding mean . 	It is still hard to believe that this obvious and so_convenient system did not catch on in Europe until almost the Renaissance . No one person can be credited with the invention of the decimal system but Chang Tshang Aryabhatta Brahmagupta and Leonardo Fibonacci are key figures . Top ca 200_142 BC China Chang Tshang . Chinese mathematicians excelled for thousands of years and were first to discover various algebraic and geometric principles but they are denied credit because of Western ascendancy . Although there were great Chinese mathematicians a thousand years before the Han Dynasty and innovations continued for centuries after Han the textbook has special importance . known in Chinese as or was apparently written during the early Han Dynasty about 165 BC by Chang Tshang also spelled Zhang Cang . 	0
10510010800257	Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . 	Furthermore learning is a highrisktaking enterprise that works better when students are made to feel secure and centered in who they are and what they are already capable of doing before they are asked to take on new ventures . Psychological security and a positive feeling of selfworth are prerequisites for the more abstract need to know and learn . 	0
10520017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Having supplies gathered ahead of time will help you handle an emergency at a moment is notice . You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 	0
10530010800257	Differing group affiliations that are likely to affect the generally involve cultural or identity groups based on ethnicity national origin race and religion_Cultural Diversity in Organizations workforce . Sensitivity to cross_cultural issues in values and communication styles is however only a beginning . As R_ Roosevelt Thomas Jr_ indicated in it is still necessary in the workplace to go beyond simple recognition of cultural diversity to active diversity management . Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . 	Other definitions limit multicultural education to characteristics of local schools and still others provide directions for school reform in all settings regardless of their characteristics . The goals of these diverse types of multicultural education range from bringing more information about various groups to textbooks to combatting racism to restructuring the entire school enterprise and reforming society to make schools more culturally fair accepting and balanced . For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . 	0
10540011900488	It is our wish for our readership to understand that no race of beings is superior to another in the eyes of God . Each race within the third fifth and twelfth dimensional form will receive whatever help love and guidance needed to repair their genetic problems open the heart chakra and restore evolution such that it is based on the attainment of love rather than power within this Creation . The Illuminati are not the only race that have used Earth and humanity as a source of chi or energy . 	He served as associate editor of the from 1992 to 1997 was chief editor from 1997 to 2002 and also edited two special issues . James P_ Evans Journal of Structural Geology is an associate professor in the Geosciences Department of the University of Arizona . His research interests include landforms on Earth is surface that are sculpted by flowing water in the form of rivers and glaciers and by wind and windborne particles with a focus on the integration of computer model results with field and remote_sensing data . 	0
10550083102546	The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . 	Because of his famous philosophical writings Cogito ergo sum he is considered along with Aristotle to be one of the most influential thinkers in history . 	0
10560150900919	Naraku stepped in to distract InuYasha with his Demon Puppets thus allowing Gorai to escape . 	How many other shows have a monk with a black hole in his hand . The character antics are funny for a while but just fail to elicit laughter after youve seen them for what seems like the millionth time_Inu Yasha . 	0
10570140702384	The Arizona Game and Fish Department works to recover threatened and endangered species to help urban residents appreciate and coexist with our unique wildlife to educate children about the environment and to create new opportunities for outdoor recreation . Research is a key element in the Arizona Game and Fish Department is conservation and management efforts . It is the result of research that helps determine the methods to best conserve our wildlife and habitat . Few places offer the diversity of landscapes plants and animals as found in Arizona . 	Lewis and Clark on the Jefferson River . In a month they had traveled only twenty_five miles . It was the middle of July already and they were glad to be moving again . A few days later they encountered the towering cliffs they dubbed the Gates of the Rocky Mountains . By the end of July they were approaching the Missouri River headwaters . Here begins a day_by_day narrative of their travels as they approached the Missouri headwaters and ascended the Jefferson River . 	0
10580041000658	The is one of the driest regions in the world . Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	The British seized the initiative and opened fire first but did not take the Afghan force from the flank . Rather it went to the defense after choosing the wrong terrain to conduct the meeting battle_The meeting battle is a highly probable form of combat for an expeditionary force . 1 . Much of the material in this article is extracted from a paper author Ali Jalali wrote in Pashto . He presented the paper at the 120th Anniversary of the Maiwand Conference Bonn Germany on 18 November 2000 . 	0
10590107002610	One of the main promotional activities for the brand is the sailing Race formerly known as the . There is also a and and Volvo likes to encourage its affluent image by sponsoring golf tournaments all over the world including major championship events called the and _ trademark Volvo Ocean Race Whitbread Around the World Race Volvo Baltic Race Volvo Pacific Race Volvo Masters Volvo China Open . Volvo sponsored the the world s leading round_the_world yacht race for the first time in 2001 2002 . The current edition is taking place between and . Volvo has also had a long_standing commitment to the and is involved in the Volvo World Youth Sailing Championships since 1997 . Volvo Ocean Race October 4 2008 June 27 2009 ISAF ISAF . 	Today it is quite simply the Everest of Sailing During the nine months of the 2008_09 Volvo which starts in Alicante Spain in October 2008 and concludes in St Petersburg Russia during late June 2009 the teams will sail over 37 000 nautical miles of the worlds most treacherous seas via Cape Town Kochi Singapore Qingdao around Cape Horn to Rio de Janeiro Boston Galway Goteborg and Stockholm . Each of the seven entries has a sailing team of 11 professional crew and the race requires their utmost skills physical endurance and competitive spirit as they race day and night for more than 30 days at a time on some of the legs . They will each take on different jobs onboard the boat and on top of these sailing roles there will be two sailors that have had medical training as well as a sailmaker an engineer and a media specialist . 	0
10600010800257	Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . 	Multicultural education means different things to different people . However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
10610107002610	In 2008 Volvo entered the with a powered by bioethanol E85 fuel . Robert Dahlgreen and Tommy Rustad were the drivers finishing 5th and 10th respectively in the championship . Volvo have also signalled their intentions to enter the 2009 with the same car . Swedish Touring Car Championship C30 British Touring Car Championship 33 . The Volvo is now jointly owned 50 50 by Volvo Group and Volvo Car Corp_ration . One of the main promotional activities for the brand is the sailing Race formerly known as the . 	Inevitably their success led to talk in international sailing circles of a race around the world for fully crewed yachts . It became a reality in 1973 with The Whitbread round the World Race the longest most demanding and perilous sporting contest the world had known . Dangerous it was . In that very first race three competing sailors were lost after being washed overboard during storms . This led to the inevitable call for that inaugural contest to be the last but the desire for unbridled adventure and great competition led to the race being staged every four years . 	0
10620010800257	The difficulty with this notion was that the melting pot demanded assimilation of most major cultural factors . For example individuals employing a language other than English or those having markedly different conceptions of kinship ties for example faced significant pressure to conform to the dominant Anglo_Saxon norm . Thus use of a non_English language in the workplace or favorable attitudes toward were actively discouraged . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
10630107002610	AB Volvo repeated and stood stern that they will not buy back Volvo cars nor be sole majority owner . They are only willing to become part share owner of the once car unit . FOMOCO announced in December 2008 that it is now considering a sale of the Volvo Cars unit through complex evaluations but meanwhile it will try to make Volvo a more stand alone company . The Swedish government is now willing to help with a possible Swedish aquisiton of Volvo Cars in the near future along with AB Volvo . 	The Volvo Ocean Race is an exceptional test of sailing prowess and human endeavour which has been built on the spirit of great seafarers fearless men who sailed the worlds oceans aboard square rigged clipper ships more than a century ago . Their challenge back then was not a race as such but recording the fastest time between ports . This meant new levels of pride for themselves and great recognition for their vessel . The spirit that drove those commercial sailors along the web of trade routes deep into the bleak latitudes of the Southern Ocean and around the worlds most dangerous capes emerges today in the form of the Volvo Ocean Race a contest now seen as the pinnacle of achievement in the sport . 	0
10640041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . 	Instead of facing Ayub in Kandahar and shifting forces from Kabul which was at that time secure under its new ally Amir Abdurrahman they split their forces between Helmand Kandahar and Kalat . When the British finally massed operationally by moving General Roberts division from Kabul to Kandahar on 2 September they defeated Ayub . This could have been done without sacrificing Burrows brigade in late July . The battle was decided by maneuver key factor for winning a meeting battle . When the opposing sides met at Maiwand neither side had an appreciable terrain advantage . However the Afghan forces successfully exploited British lack of mobility to threaten Burrows brigade is open flanks . 	0
10650107002610	Volvo sponsored the the world s leading round_the_world yacht race for the first time in 2001 2002 . The current edition is taking place between and . Volvo has also had a long_standing commitment to the and is involved in the Volvo World Youth Sailing Championships since 1997 . 	They will trust their lives to the boat and the skipper and experience hunger and sleep deprivation . The race is the ultimate mix of world class sporting competition and on the edge adventure a unique blend of onshore glamour with offshore drama and endurance . It is undeniably the worlds premier global race and one of the most demanding team sporting events in the world . Overall Standings . 	0
10660010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
10670085601388	The construction of the chimney can also greatly influence the construction of the roof supports creating an extra need for care in choosing the right materials . An adobe chimney can be made from simple adobe bricks and stacked in similar fashion as the surrounding walls . Basically outline the location and perimeter of the hearth minding the safety elements common to a fireplace and begin to stack and mortar the walls with pre_made adobe bricks cut to size . edit Around the world . Still in production today s Romania Danube Delta . 	More importantly as cultural signs these adobe structures function as signifiers denoting and connoting an otherwise unclaimed empty cultural landscape spanning Texas and Mexico . As such it remits to Winnicott is notion of a transactional object mediating the Border is undefined Œpotential space‰ with a complex iconography attesting to a subtle integration of three distinct imaginaries the Arab the Hispanic and Anglo_Saxon all of which evoke Swan is ongoing exchanges with Mexican master builders her apprentices with restorers of the historic Fort Leaton and her lifelong commitment to Egyptian architect Hassan Fathy is profound lessons on adobe architecture . In an international context Swan is architecture belongs to a third generation of Fathy inspired projects which took place mostly in Saudi Arabia and Egypt advocating for their ecological relevance in today is world . Interestingly the first versions expressed the sixty is anti_Modernist sentiment voiced by professionals who sought roots in vernacular culture as a way to oppose industrial colonialism in third world countries . 	0
10680010800257	Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . Even these groups subdivide so that the Scots divide into Lowland and Highland cultures which in turn continue to subdivide into smaller groups and so forth . Additionally managers working abroad may unthinkingly apply their own national views toward diversity to the diversity in the nation to which they have traveled . For example many U_S_ managers have a tendency to view diversity management as an issue of numbers in which the percentages of a given population is mirrored in the percentage of employees within the place of employment . 	These are some of the ideas and agruments that undergird the theory of Afrocentricity and the efforts by some school districts such as Detroit Milwaukee Baltimore and Seattle to create Afrocentric schools Asante 1991 92 Hilliard 1991 92 . For educational experiences to be relevant to culturally different students they must reflect and connect with the students particular life experiences and perspectives . This need reflects the fact that learning is more effective when new ideas are related to prior knowledge and initially are taught in ways familiar to students e_g the principles of continuity and similarity Boggs WatsonGregeo McMillen 1985 Cazden John Hymes 1985 Neisser 1986 . It evokes two other beliefs common to U_S_ education philosophy start teaching where students are and expand the social cultural and intellectual horizons of students . These beliefs and principles require that cultural diversity be a driving force in all educational decisionmaking from determining students readiness for learning to designing curricula selecting instructional materials appraising performance and developing appropriate programs and teaching techniques for culturally different students . 	0
10690010800257	In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Multicultural education contributes directly to developing skills for democratic citizenship in the United States and the global village . This function of multiculturalism is what Banks 1990 1991 92 1993a meant by his proposal to use a social action approach to multicultural education which teaches students how to become social critics political activists change agents and competent leaders in a culturally pluralistic and ethnically diverse society and world . 	0
10700085601388	The exterior of such a wall can be covered with glass to increase heat collection . In a home this is called a . Adobe has a relatively dense and is most useful in tropical climates . In temperate climates it is less effective to heat a structure this way due to heat leaching by the ground and walls . 	Swan is contributions to the Southwestern tradition of flat roof adobe consists in adapting Fathy is millenary Nubian catenary vaults domes and courtyards as a natural and efficient thermal solution for social housing in hot and arid climates . 	0
10710010803142	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . 	A particular favorite in the world of Jewish comedy Joel is innovative experience_based positive Jewish humor has garnered him a cult_like following among the People of the Book and widespread recognition in the Jewish press . Joel recently made his Israeli television debut when he performed a five_minute comedy set in Hebrew on the late_night show Tonight With Assaf Har_El . 	0
10720083102546	According to Archytas solved the problem of in his manner with a geometric construction_ before reduced this problem to finding mean . Archytas theory of proportions is treated in book VIII of s where is the construction for two proportional means equivalent to the extraction of the . 	He solved it in a few hours and published the answer anonymously . But on seeing the solution Johann Bernoulli immediately exclaimed I recognize the lion by his footprint_ brachistochrone . In 1687 Newton published surely the greatest scientific book ever written . The motion of the planets was not understood before Newton although the system allowed Kepler to describe the orbits . 	0
10730017300189	Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	They should be able to tell you about some of their previous puppies . They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . 	0
10740017302438	Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . The routes of person to person transmission and disease precautions will be of special interest . This subcourse deals with environmental and climatic injuries including snakebites insect and spider bites insect and scorpion stings dermatitis caused by toxic plants heat injuries and cold injuries . 	0
10750133302696	The other Skymaster is ZS_AUA Tafelberg which is also operated by Skyclass Aviation but is leased from the . 1 Rand Airport Johannesburg South Africa South African Airways South African Airways Museum Society 1 Skyclass Aviation 2 Dutch Dakota Association edit Production . The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . 	Hughes first will that he signed in 1925 at the age of 19 stipulated that a portion of his estate should be used to create a medical institute bearing his name . Hughes gave all his stock in the Hughes Aircraft Company to the institute thereby turning the aerospace and defense contractor into a tax_exempt charity . The Howard Hughes Medical Institute is new board of trustees sold Hughes Aircraft in 1985 to General Motors for US 5_2 billion allowing the institute to grow dramatically . 	0
10760118900092	A sunset in the Arizona desert near . The climate and imagery are two factors behind Arizona is tourism industry . Scottsdale . Cotton farming and copper mining two of Arizona is most important statewide industries suffered heavily during the but it was during the 1920s and 1930s that began to be the important Arizona industry it is today . 	The early was one of the many spark plugs supporting the AG F Department is hunter education program_ ran one of the largest and most successful hunter safety then called Firearms Safety training programs in the state in close cooperation with the Mesa Public Schools_Mesa Varmint CallersMVC assisted the AG F Department is Information and Education Division which was under_equipped with suitable projectors for the slide shows that frequently are part of the departments presentations_ solved part of the problem by donating a powerful projector since used to educate hundreds of hunters and wildlife aficionados_APCAPC . 	0
10770133302696	The type proved to be ahead of its time it was complicated to maintain and uneconomical to operate . 	The deal was the topic of a protracted legal battle between Hughes and the which Hughes ultimately won . After his death in 1976 many thought that the balance of Hughes estate would go to the institute although it ultimately was divided among his cousins and other heirs given the lack of a will to the contrary . The Howard Hughes Medical Institute is America is second largest private foundation and the largest devoted to biological and medical research with an of US 16_3 billion as of June 2007 . Internal Revenue Service citation needed endowment edit Watergate Scandal . Shortly before the was harmed by revelations of a US 205 000 loan from Hughes to Nixon is brother . 1960 Presidential election Richard Nixon Donald . In late 1971 Donald Nixon was collecting intelligence for his brother in preparation for the upcoming presidential election . One of Donald is sources was a former business adviser of Hughes who had also worked with Democratic National Chairman . John H_ Meier 21 Larry O Brien . However Meier conspired with former Vice President of the United States and others to feed misinformation to the Nixon campaign . Meier told Donald that he was sure the Democrats would win the election because Larry O Brien had a great deal of information on Richard Nixon s illicit dealings with Howard Hughes that had never been released O Brien didn t actually have any such information but Meier wanted Nixon to think he did . 	0
10780171702141	 edit Historical meaning . Historically the word apoplexy was also used to describe any sudden death that began with a sudden loss of consciousness especially one where the victim died within a matter of seconds after losing consciousness . 	To replace the slaves he used a contingent of already sent to him from India . It is at this point when he realized the importance of a British presence that both challenged the Dutch hegemony in the area and could remain consistently profitable unlike Bencoolen or Batavia . However the strategic importance of poorly_maintained but well_positioned such as Penang or Bencoolen made it impossible for the British to abandon such unprofitable colonies in such close proximity to the Dutch in Java . The competition in the area between Raffles and the aggressive Dutch Governor Elout certainly led at least in part to the later . Raffles looked into alternatives in the area namely Bangka which had been ceded to the Dutch after its conquest by the British during its occupation of Java . Bengkulu convicts British possessions de jure Anglo_Dutch Treaty of 1824 was also under consideration . 	0
10790085601388	The ends of the beams should then be fixed to the tops of the walls using the builder s preferred choice of attachments . Taking into account the material the beams and walls are made from choosing the attachments may prove difficult . In combination to the bricks and adobe mortar that are laid across the beams creates an even load_bearing pressure that can last for many years depending on attrition . Once the beams are laid across the building it is then time to begin the placing of adobe bricks to create the roof . An adobe roof is often laid with bricks slightly larger in width to ensure a larger expanse is covered when placing the bricks onto the beams . 	Ironically in hindsight history shows us entire cities like Santa Fe in New Mexico capitalizing Disneyfied adobe architecture for the retiring gentry that populates it today while the local Native Americans settle for motor homes in the city is outskirts . Swan is contributions to the Southwestern tradition of flat roof adobe consists in adapting Fathy is millenary Nubian catenary vaults domes and courtyards as a natural and efficient thermal solution for social housing in hot and arid climates . Though the Roman vault and dome were fairly common in Mexican colonial temples they are virtually unknown in domestic uses . 	0
10800010800257	The difficulty with this notion was that the melting pot demanded assimilation of most major cultural factors . For example individuals employing a language other than English or those having markedly different conceptions of kinship ties for example faced significant pressure to conform to the dominant Anglo_Saxon norm . Thus use of a non_English language in the workplace or favorable attitudes toward were actively discouraged . Such practices that differed from the dominant majority culture in the melting pot philosophy were viewed not as merely different but as innately wrong_nepotism . Additionally certain groups were deemed by the dominant culture as unable to assimilate . Some of these groups were considered unassimilable because of marked behavioral differences . For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . The resulting disjunctures cause students and teachers to misinterpret one another is attitudes and actions . These cultural incompatibilities are often mistaken for intellectual inabilities and pedagogical decisions are made accordingly . 	0
10810010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	By giving all students more choices about how they will learn choices that are compatible with their cultural styles none will be unduly advantaged or disadvantaged at the procedural levels of learning . These choices will lead to closer parallelism e_g equity in opportunities to learn and more comparability in students achieving the maximum of their own intellectual capabilities e_g excellence . Other aspects of this goal include teaching accurate information about all segments of U_S_ society developing a sense of social consciousness moral courage and commitment to equality and acquiring skills in political activism for reforming society to make it more humane sympathetic toward cultural pluralism morally just and egalitarian . Therefore the multicultural goal of achieving educational equity and excellence encompasses cognitive affective and behavioral skills as well as the principles of democracy Banks 1990 1991 1992 . Personal Empowerment for Social Reform . The ultimate goal of multicultural education is to begin a process of change in schools that will ultimately extend to society . 	0
10820017302438	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . 	From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . As you become more proficient with these principles you may reach the point where you will not need to give them much conscious thought . Meanwhile however you should study this subcourse to gain a working knowledge of the fundamental principles of chemistry . Another good addition at this level would be and followed by In this subcourse you will study cardiac arrest basic life support to include rescue breathing chest compressions and recognition and treatment of cardiac dysrhythmias . This information will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . 	0
10830083102546	The crater on the is named in his honour . Archytas Moon edit The Archytas Curve . 	His genius seems to have blossomed at about age 22 when on leave from University he began revolutionary advances in mathematics optics dynamics thermodynamics acoustics and celestial mechanics . Newton is other intellectual interests included chemistry theology astrology and alchemy . Although this list is concerned only with mathematics Newton is greatness is indicated by the wide range of physical principles he was first to enunciate including gravitation and the idea that white light is a mixture of all the rainbow is colors . 	0
10840017302438	The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This tutorial has been prepared by a Certified First Aid Instructor with many years experience teaching first aid CPR and basic life support courses . While the material presented conforms to commonly accepted standards it is not intended to substitute for formalized classroom instruction in first aid as offered by many community groups and organizations . Nor should this tutorial be relied upon for use at the time of an emergency . The time to learn first aid is BEFORE you need to use it . 	0
10850010801758	Some of these groups were considered unassimilable because of marked behavioral differences . For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . 	For my second tour of duty as a PDP engineer I reported to a BASF Clear Lake site in early August of 1999 . I came in a bit early trying to beat the morning crowd and to settle in at my new work place . 	0
10860010800257	Some of these groups were considered unassimilable because of marked behavioral differences . For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . 	0
10870010800257	For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . The civil rights movement of the 1960s had a direct effect on the assimilationist norm of the melting pot . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
10880010801758	For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . The civil rights movement of the 1960s had a direct effect on the assimilationist norm of the melting pot . 	When I joined BASF many years ago I was very worried as to how I would be accepted by my co_workers and management . Would I have to be someone I am not and try to hide my disabilities . Could BASF look past my disabilities to focus on my abilities . I need not have worried . My co_workers here at Southfield allowed me to be me . They accept me for who I am not on my spelling abilities etc . That is a simple but very powerful statement . I do not have to hide away in shame factors that I had no control over . 	0
10890107000914	In 2008 Volvo entered the with a powered by bioethanol E85 fuel . Robert Dahlgreen and Tommy Rustad were the drivers finishing 5th and 10th respectively in the championship . Volvo have also signalled their intentions to enter the 2009 with the same car . 	Several manufacturers were approached including and Volvo . Volvo was not originally interested due to the cost but they were later persuaded by DAF is access to engines . This helped Volvo expand its model line_up without the large expenditures associated with developing a new model . Building cars in the also helped the Volvo to access the markets of the of which Sweden was then not yet a member . 	0
10900054001902	Things started to change in 2006 when Massimo Perga joined the project and contributed a win32 installer for . 	This was somewhat controversial due to the fact that the 1992 Olympic Champion was indeed a woman of . However women had their own and in a female Skeet event was introduced to the Olympic program . Current men is World Champion is Vancouver Canada native Mark Borland who practices with up to 65 different targets in a single evening . 	0
10910017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . Any time you bring your dog to the vet try to bring a fresh fecal sample . Put a small fingernail_sized sample into a plastic bag or ask your vet for a supply of fecal samplers . 	0
10920083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . Archytas Moon edit The Archytas Curve . This section does not any _ cite references or sources . Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . This rotation will cut out a portion of the cylinder forming the Archytas Curve . 	Apparently Desargues Homology Theorem a pair of triangles is coaxial if and only if it is copolar was proved in one of these lost works this is the fundamental theorem which initiated the study of projective geometry . Euclid is also believed to have proved that there are only five Platonic solids . Euclid ranks #14 on Michael Hart is famous list of the Most Influential Persons in History_ introduced the notions of axiom and theorem . It was used as a textbook for 2000 years and in fact is still the basis for high school geometry making Euclid the leading mathematics teacher of all time . 	0
10930181602057	From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia . This article . 	BAC levels and the number of typical drinks required to reach them have been roughly estimated in Figure 1 Blood Alcohol Content and Typical Dr_nks  The chart suggests that after drinking three drinks in one hour a male of 160 pounds will reach a BAC of . 05 whereas a female of 120 pounds will reach a BAC of . 06 . Figure 2 . Most people will be noticeably drunk by the time their BAC reaches . 10 . 	0
10940181600822	From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia . This article . 	Income tax credits machinery and equipment used in recycling process . 58_1_472 amended . Allows employers to submit their withholding tax returns on the 25th day of the following month rather than the 20th day effective January 1 2008 . 	0
10950017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Immersion suits or survival suits as they are often called by commercial fishermen can significantly improve survival time in cold water . These suits are often featured in stories about successful sea rescues . Recognizing that hypothermia is a major factor in lives lost at sea the U_S . 	0
10960017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Many people have strong feelings about purebred dogs especially the characteristics of the breed . Other people feel that the stereotypes are overrated . Jon Pastor made some nice comments about the usefulness and caveats of typical breed behaviors . Are behaviors commonly ascribed to specific breeds based in fact or are they just stereotypes . Typical means characteristic of the type and is a statistical abstraction it does not have any normative implications i_e there is no claim that all or even most examples of the type in question have the characteristics that are stated to be typical . 	0
10970103701698	Obsessive_Compulsive Disorder . 	Medications that specifically affect children the elderly and women during the reproductive years are discussed in a separate section of the booklet . 	0
10980047001182	In 1999 the company changed its name to Direct Focus Inc_ and initiated an IPO on . 	Living in Comfort carries a wide selection of fitness related products and _ bicycle trainers exercise cycles Lifegear Treadmills Lifegear inversion tables exercise and gymnastic balls Togo fitness balls . 	0
10990014401999	The other reason to treat bradycardia is if the person is ultimate outcome prognosis will be changed or impacted by the bradycardia . Treatment depends on whether any symptoms are present and what the underlying cause is_ cardiac arrhythmias fatigue fainting dizziness edit Treatment . Dr_g treatment is not needed if the patient is asymptomatic . In symptomatic patients draw a and to assess electrolytes and blood gases . An may provide temporary improvement in symptomatic patients . 	The ST segment indicates the amount of time from the end of the contraction of the ventricles to the beginning of the T wave before the ventricles begin to contract for the next beat . The next upward curve is the T wave . The T wave indicates the recovery period of the ventricles . When your physician studies your ECG he she looks at the size and length of each part of the ECG . Variations in size and length of the different parts of the tracing may be significant . 	0
11000017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	At first the medical terms may seem strange and bewildering to you and appear to be extremely difficult to learn . Fortunately there is a logical method found in medical terminology . Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . 	0
11010014401999	There are generally two types of problems that result in bradycardias disorders of the SA node and disorders of the AV node _ sinoatrial node atrioventricular node . With sinus node dysfunction sometimes called there may be disordered or impaired conduction of the impulse from the sinus node into the surrounding atrial tissue an exit block . 	PVCs are fairly common and often do not cause symptoms or problems . However if the frequency of the PVCs increases to several per minute symptoms such as weakness fatigue dizziness fainting or palpitations may be experienced_Premature ventricular contractions PVCs . A condition in which the heart rate is faster than 100 beats per minute because the sinus node is sending out electrical impulses at a rate faster than usual . 	0
11020017302438	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . 	0
11030014401999	Medications theophylline or caffeine can be used to treat these spells in babies if necessary_ standard practice is to electronically monitor the heart and lungs for this reason . NICU edit Causes . This can be underlain by several causes which are best divided into cardiac and non_cardiac causes . Non_cardiac causes are usually secondary and can involve use or or issues especially in the an imbalance factors autonomic reflexes situational factors such as prolonged and . 	If the physician chooses to use medication the decision of which medication to use will be determined by the type of arrhythmia other conditions which may be present and other medications already being taken by the patient_medication . In this procedure an electrical shock is delivered to the heart through the chest to stop certain very fast arrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation supraventricular tachycardia or sinus tachycardia . 	0
11040079902118	A number of troubling questions remain to be answered about this approach . while pregnantdidnot . The advantage of these restricted_calorie diets is that of them have helped reduce the levels of insulin needed by women or prevented its use for some and have reduced macrosomia rates in women . 	Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . 	0
11050014401999	It is difficult and sometimes impossible to assign a mechanism to any particular bradycardia but the underlying mechanism is not clinically relevant to treatment which is the same in both cases of sick sinus syndrome a permanent _ sick sinus syndrome automaticity pacemaker . Atrioventricular conduction disturbances aka . AV block may result from impaired conduction in the AV node or anywhere below it such as in the bundle of HIS . 	Pacemakers are typically used for slow arrhythmias such as sinus bradycardia sick sinus syndrome or heart block_pacemaker . An implantable converter defibrillator ICD is a small device similar to a pacemaker that is implanted under the skin most often in the shoulder area just under the collarbone . An ICD senses the rate of the heartbeat . When the heart rate exceeds a rate programmed into the device it delivers a small electrical shock to the heart to slow the heart rate . Many newer ICDs can also function as a pacemaker by delivering an electrical signal to regulate a heart rate that is too slow . 	0
11060079902118	since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . It is beyond the scope of this faq to list portion sizes be sure to consult your RD or the ADA booklet for this_Serving sizes are extremely important to note . 	Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . 	0
11070010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . 	It derives from the notion that educational excellence is unattainable for any student when certain groups are denied a fair chance to receive the highest quality education possible and when some contributions are systematically excluded from the U_S_ and human stories . 	0
11080125801816	They are discussed roughly in order of the extent to which they approach the objectivist ideal _ is the best approach for determining between . The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . 	This opinion or estimate is arrived at through a formal process that typically uses the three common approaches to value . They are the Cost Approach which is what it would cost to replace the improvements less physical deterioration and other factors plus the land value . 	0
11090174200884	You can walk from here down to the newly developed waterfront past Ella Fitzgeralds statue at the Metro North train station and the sculpture gardens . Further north on the same street is the Hudson River Museum with a planetarium and the Glenview mansion featuring exhibitions of American art history and science . Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . 	I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . c 2003 Las Vegas Review_Journal . Distributed by Knight Ridder Tribune Business News . 	0
11100128502768	Native American economies were profoundly altered by the arrival of Europeans and the resulting arrival of disease influx of European goods business relations with the Europeans regarding the acquisition of firearms engagement in wars loss of land and confinement to reservations . Native Americans economy of the Iroquois hunting and gathering fur trade 1 . In 1492 sailing under the Spanish flag set out to find Asia and happened upon a New World . For the next 100 years English Spanish Portuguese and French explorers sailed from Europe for the New World looking for gold riches religious merit honor and glory . 	This teaching is embodied in Warren s best_selling book first published in 1995_purpose driven Rick Warren Saddleback Church paradigm Christian The Purpose Dr_ven Church 1 . The basic premise of the Purpose Dr_ven paradigm is for a pastor to recognize and be obedient to God s for his people and his and organize around developing these characteristics into the lives of people within his care . 	0
11110174200884	Unfortunately only overnight guests or people attending a conference can eat or drink there . The seat of the countys government is located in White Plains where we had a tour of the new Ritz Carlton Restaurant 42 on the top floor of the residence tower . 	You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
11120174202922	Unfortunately only overnight guests or people attending a conference can eat or drink there . The seat of the countys government is located in White Plains where we had a tour of the new Ritz Carlton Restaurant 42 on the top floor of the residence tower . 	Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . You can start at the drink bar or have the servers bring your choice of a breakfast cocktail . 	0
11130174202922	Further north on the same street is the Hudson River Museum with a planetarium and the Glenview mansion featuring exhibitions of American art history and science . Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . Moving north drop your bag at your first night is hotel Castle on the Hudson in Tarrytown . Built from 1887 to 1910 it was a private home until 1940 . In 1981 it was designated a historic landmark . 	Medici is undeniably one of the most beautiful restaurants in town . The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . 	0
11140174200884	Further north on the same street is the Hudson River Museum with a planetarium and the Glenview mansion featuring exhibitions of American art history and science . Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . Moving north drop your bag at your first night is hotel Castle on the Hudson in Tarrytown . Built from 1887 to 1910 it was a private home until 1940 . In 1981 it was designated a historic landmark . 	The kicker is you drive home in your new Mercedes_Benz . Ritz_Carlton at Lake Las Vegas is the chain is first hotel in Nevada . I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
11150010800257	Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . 	Therefore it is useful for educators to develop their own definitions of multicultural education within the general boundaries outlined above to fit their specific needs rather than imposing a universal structure to implement multicultural education . Multiculturalists also agree that multicultural education has implications for decisionmaking that will affect operations at all levels of education including instruction administration governance counseling program planning performance appraisal and school climate . 	0
11160017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	However sometimes this is a lengthy process that you will have to work through especially if it is cross_species . In general this will work . Put the dog in its own room where the original pet can smell it but not see it . After a day or so of this remove the dog from the room and let the original pet smell and explore the room thoroughly . 	0
11170010803142	This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . Thus for example applying an American view of diversity management on one is subsidiary operations in Malaysia Canada Belgium or Japan is not substantially different from imposing one is values on other cultural groups in a domestic U_S_ business setting . 	As keeper of musical lore from his native Ghana is an extraordinary interpreter of African drumming traditions and his charismatic performances with his ensemble pulse with the thrilling energy of drumming dance and song . Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . 	0
11180174202922	That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . The 9 130 acres of vineyards slope down to deep glaciated lakes providing a micro_climate and soils for the production of premium vinifera wine grapes . 	It is the definition of luxury with a strong dash of romance thrown in for good measure . Medici is undeniably one of the most beautiful restaurants in town . The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . 	0
11190017300189	Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . 	Is it bedlam or reasonable for the number of different animals there . Do you have local recommendations from friends . Does the vet specialize in small animals as opposed to say livestock . Try to get word_of_mouth recommendations . A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . 	0
11200163202293	Though there may be legitimate jobs in existence in which employees are paid to perform the particular task in question even possibly from home in reality they would be paid a wage that is fair for that type of work and level of education not the 40 per hour or 3000 per week that is typically offered in a work_at_home scheme . 	Competition in the medical billing market is fierce and revolves around a number of large and well_established firms . Envelope stuffing . Promoters usually advertise that for a small fee they will tell you how to earn money stuffing envelopes at home . Later when it is too late you find out that the promoter never had any employment to offer . 	0
11210174202922	Cayuga Lake is the longest at 40 miles and developed the first NY Wine Trail in 1983 . Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	EDT October 20 2003 . If you have been paying attention you have probably noticed me raving about the at Lake Las Vegas a beautiful upscale resort perched on the scenic lake about 25 miles east of town . It offers unparalleled service amenities and luxury all in a setting that will make you never want to leave . 	0
11220174200884	Cayuga Lake is the longest at 40 miles and developed the first NY Wine Trail in 1983 . Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . 	0
11230017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	This is where checking references come in you want to be satisfied of the breeder is overall integrity etc . Many breeders let you see and play with the entire litter at once . One puppy may come right up to you and investigate . 	0
11240174200884	Cayuga Lake is the longest at 40 miles and developed the first NY Wine Trail in 1983 . Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . 	Ritz_Carlton at Lake Las Vegas is the chain is first hotel in Nevada . I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
11250152500165	There are also two active and passive and a but no . As indicated by the differing terms for the two tense systems there is some disagreement over whether the distinction between the two systems should be most accurately characterized as or a combination of the two . 	The ubiquitous Nutrition Facts labels have not only been a boon to consumer decision_making but to the nutritional awareness of the general public as well . Even bags of potato chips have nutrition labels on them and although the sales figures for potato chips suggest that they are mostly ignored a small percentage of shoppers will use the label to inform their choice of chips . 	0
11260017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . 	Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . 	0
11270017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	This book makes a good effort to show every color and every coat type of each breed in the various photos . Expensive . The latest edition is out in two volumes . Project BREED Directory . There is a section on each breed over 100 listed listing specific breed rescue organizations and individuals throughout the US . 	0
11280017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The subcourse also covers immobilizing a casualty with a suspected fracture of the spine . Other subcourses in the Health Care Specialist series provide instruction on treating various wounds and injuries . Many times the last step given in the treatment instructions is to evacuate the casualty to a medical treatment facility . 	0
11290041201136	The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . Either wire or disc wheels could be supplied . The standard transmission was a four speed manual unit but was available on top gear as an option . 	Had Thomas been alerted to Kenny attendance prior to the event then it would have been an all out war for FTD and a BS win . The shots would have been heard in DFW . Mick unshineHarrison won CS over Bad Brad Hudson and Jeff Hanchey . Mick was on R_comps versus street tires for Brad and Jeff . Brad will be someone to watch for in the local tire class this season . Jerrett Jan won ES on his first outing with R_comps . He was followed by Lorin Stolz street tires and Doug Covington . As expected local favorite Lisa Savage took honors in BSPL in her brown Corvette . The drive home was marred by the typical extra traffic on Highway 6 and Interstate 35 but the highlight was the stop for dinner . 	0
11300174200884	The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . 	0
11310041201136	The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . Either wire or disc wheels could be supplied . The standard transmission was a four speed manual unit but was available on top gear as an option . 	The racing occurs on a section of old runway . I have not been to Walnut Ridge in Arkansas but I am told that the surface is very similar . It is a decent surface much better than Mineral Wells but also smaller than Mineral Wells . As expected the racing was fun and talk in the grid always regarded time comparisons and surly grid workers . In the end DFW drivers took home first place trophies in five different classes . Cody Case took home the AS trophy with Robert Jones in his new Honda S2000 CR just behind him . 	0
11320017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
11330174200884	There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . Rates are discounted to 169 during the week and 189 on weekends for local residents . Valentine is Day is historically the busiest day for Ritz_Carlton Evans said . 	0
11340017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . 	0
11350017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . 	0
11360010800257	Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . If an organization were for example to limit itself to the hiring of nonimmigrant white males with no strong ethnic ties the norm for the 1950s the number of people available to fill the requisite positions would be too small . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
11370017300189	Estrus lasts an average of six to 12 days often twice a year in dogs and an average of six to seven days three or more times a year in cats . Females in heat can cry incessantly show nervous behavior and attract unwanted male animals . Unsterilized animals often exhibit more behavior and temperament problems than do those who have been spayed or neutered . Spaying and neutering can make pets less likely to bite . Neutering makes pets less likely to roam the neighborhood run away or get into fights . 	Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . 	0
11380010800257	Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
11390016900263	Recorded September 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Out of My Mind Young 3 05 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Re_issue Atco SD 33_200A March 25 1967 . Recorded December 5 1966 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . 	The lists the albums recorded by Young as both a solo artist and part of a group throughout his career_discography Neil Young . Contents live with Crazy Horse Rust Never Sleeps 1976 1978 . September 24 1981 May 12 1982 #19 with the Shocking Pinks Everybody is Rockin . April 27 May 25 1983 #46 . September 20 1991 February 1 1992 #16 5 x Platinum CAN 4 . August 6 1994 with Crazy Horse Sleeps with Angels . November 8 1993 April 25 1994 #9 with Crazy Horse Broken Arrow . 	0
11400174201455	For 915 you and 4 guests can make a 1 4_barrel that yields 5 cases . For 1 650 you can bring 9 guests and your 1 2_barrel yields 10 cases . A full barrel costs 2 600 and you and 14 guests get 20 cases . 	January 1 2009 8 a_m_ to 3 p_m . Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . 	0
11410016900263	Everybody is Wrong Stills 2 23 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Flying on the Ground Is Wrong Young 2 40 . Recorded September 10 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California and September 11 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Burned Young 2 16 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 01 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Baby Do not Scold Me Stills 3 04 . Recorded September 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Out of My Mind Young 3 05 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Re_issue Atco SD 33_200A March 25 1967 . 	March 21 April 17 1996 #31 documentary of Young is career Journey Through the Past 1967 1972 #45 . March 1 1980 the film is score is by Young also includes a track of Young singing Where the Buffalo Roam the film is score is by Young Dead Man . March 27 1995 edit Live albums . Neil Young has included material recorded live on many of his albums and has even released entire albums of new material recorded live notably and . Listed here are live albums that do not primarily consist of new material . See also the Archives series listed separately below . Time Fades Away Rust Never Sleeps . Date of release with Crazy Horse Live Rust . October 4 October 22 1978 #15 . For main article see Neil Young Archives . Date of release . The Archives Vol . 1 1963_1972 1963_1972 Latest scheduled release date . The release date has slipped several times so far . There have been some reports that the archives have been delayed again until January_February 2009 . According to a mailing from Warner Music on 15 October the 10_disc Blu_ray and DVD packages will be released early in 2009 . The album will be included in Archives Vol . 1 which is currently scheduled to be released on this date . 	0
11420011900139	In the process all of the genetic karma carried by the human experience here on Earth has also been released . Although all of the karma has been released upon Earth each initiate as they embody all 1024 strands of DNA must release this karma on a cellular level to completely transcend the influence of karma within their individual life experience . Each initiate is experience of karmic patterns will be unique to the initiate their personal life history their family history and their soul history . The karmic contracts our Channel experienced in embodying the new DNA have only been shared to trigger parallel experiences within our readership so that any related karma that they may carry can also be released . 	For example Grenvillian Orogeny is used to refer to the period of orogenesis in many parts of the world approximately one billion years ago synchronous with the collision between Laurentia and Baltica in the Grenville Province of . Areas in which mountain building have occurred in the past although no mountains may remain today are called orogens or orogenic belts_ mountain chains orosgeneia North America . Orogeny or orogenesis most commonly involves the collision between two continental or the collision between a continental plate and an island arc . When a continent collides with an island arc arc rocks are thrust over continental . In some orogens including the Grenville Province collision between a continental plate and one or more has occurred prior to final continent_continent collision . Collision follows subduction of oceanic beneath one continent or possibly even both continents or a continent and an island arc . Subduction progressively closes the ocean that previously separated them . Continental crust may be partially subducted following ocean closure . Evidence for this comes from deep reflection seismic profiles and seismic tomographic images . High_pressure metamorphic such as coesite and glaucophane in exhumed continental crust formed during subduction . In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . The former oceanic material collectively called an ophiolite marks the suture between the two plates . Ophiolitic rocks may be overthrust by continental crust of the colliding plate . 	0
11430016900896	Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Burned Young 2 18 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 06 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Leave Stills 2 45 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Out of My Mind Young 3 09 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . 	The first three songs of date from the 1980s . Beautiful Bluebird was first recorded for the original version of that was shelved by Geffen Records Boxcar was a track on the unreleased album which was scrapped in favor of the more commercially viable and Ordinary People which was recorded in 1988 for the album was highly regarded as one of Young is greatest unreleased songs and was often played live during the Sponsored By Nobody tour with The Bluenotes to promote the album . This was the album is first single and was sent to radio on Monday September 10th . The length of this track clocking in at 18 13 makes it hard to program into today is limited radio playlists so it was initially heard on radio web sites_Chrome Dr_ams II Old Ways Times Square Freedom This Note is for You 3 . A version of with a bonus DVD containing the album in high resolution 24 bit 96kHz stereo was also released . In addition there was a double LP pressing of the record with 180 gram vinyl_Chrome Dr_ams II . The album debuted on the U_S_ chart at number 11 selling about 54 000 copies in its first week . Billboard 200 4 . 	0
11440010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . In other words one can speak of a Brazilian or a U_S_ culture but to which of the many subcultural groups in those countries does one refer . 	Demographic analyses of the population distribution of U_S_ citizens indicate that Hispanics and AfricanAmericans account for the highest percentage of population growth . The total population of students of color grew between 1980 and 1988 to almost 30 percent compared to 24 percent in the 1970s U_S . Department of Education 1992 . As with the general population these trends are expected to continue well into the next century . The diversity of the student population is further increased by the high rate of AfricanAmerican and Hispanic youths living in poverty 45_1 and 39_3 in 1987 and the growing number of immigrant students from Latin American and Asian countries whose first languages are not English and whose home cultures are not based on a Eurocentric or Western model . The net result of these demographic changes is that the United States is becoming a more pluralistic society than it has ever been . 	0
11450010801758	Finally the relatively high mobility of workers in the United States make it a reasonable assumption to hire employees from elsewhere in the country and expect them to move to the place of employment . By contrast many countries are divided into ethnic or cultural groups that have strong regional attachments . 	I have a hard time with linear discussions . To say it mildly I do not fit the type of person that you would think would or should work for a chemical company let alone be involved in Research and Development . When I joined BASF many years ago I was very worried as to how I would be accepted by my co_workers and management . 	0
11460174200884	DAY THREE If I had been visiting during the summer I would have stopped at Rye Playland which is open May_October . This 50_acre Art Deco National Historic Landmark boasts over 50 rides a boardwalk lake and beach . Since my visit was in November we drove west along Interstate 287 to White Plains where we had dinner the first night . 	Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . 	0
11470055800590	Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable February 2009 . 	If it is still clear then no water has leaked from the tank . If it has even a tinge of color then your toilet has a leak . Sometimes if you have a very bad leak the toilet will flush by itself and there may be no color visible in either the bowl or the tank . 	0
11480179402208	The Cube itself is a giant structure consisting of many rooms shaped like smaller cubes within . It is 25 rooms wide high and deep . 	This is particularly true if there is dirt on the car . The dirt itself may be charged and attract water even more . These tiny flaws may not be readily visible without a magnifying glass but you can sense a rough surface when you run your hand over it . 	0
11490179400753	He confirms by the smell and taste that it is only water and finds some relief in his tension however when he rubs the back of his palm he realizes that his body is disintegrating . Presumably the liquid contains or fast_acting fat_eating . 	Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . 	0
11500139401312	Most plumbing codes require that a discharge pipe be connected to the valve to direct the flow of discharged hot water to a drain typically a nearby or outside the living space . Some building codes will allow for the discharge pipe to terminate in the garage . C F temperature and pressure relief floor drain . 	Active solar_heating uses pumps that move air or liquid from the solar collector directly to a load such as the building space heating or hot water system or to storage for use later . Passive solar heating relies on the design and structure of the house to collect and distribute heat throughout the building . If interested in learning more of the technical terms associated with solar_heating systems view the _ glossary . 	0
11510079902118	What caloric recommendations are they making for women who do breastfeed post_partum and on what do they base these recommendations La Leche does not recommend caloric intake under 1800K for breastfeeding women if women have been restricted to 1500K during pregnancy while the body prepares for breastfeeding what effect does this have on mother and baby and breastfeeding rates? As far as Kmom can tell the issue of caloric restriction is possible effect on breastfeeding and supply issues has been by researchers in this field_totally ignored . 	This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . 	0
11520010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . The resulting disjunctures cause students and teachers to misinterpret one another is attitudes and actions . 	0
11530010800257	While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	School leaders often operate on the faulty assumption that their values beliefs and actions are the norm for everyone exist beyond any cultural constraints or are culturally neutral . They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . 	0
11540181600822	One prominent exception is active duty military service members under federal law they do not change their legal residence when they move to a new posting and are not obliged to re_register their vehicle with the state in which they are newly assigned . 	Energy_efficient building certification shall be determined by any qualified licensed engineer or contractor who is not related to the taxpayer and who shall certify to the taxpayer that he has qualifications to provide the certification . HB618 CH . 328_Classification of real property energy_efficient buildings . 58_1_3221_2 added . Permits localities to tax certain energy_efficient buildings not including the land on which they are located at a lower tax rate than that imposed on the general class of real property by creating a separate classification for taxation purposes . 	0
11550017601618	Working in unison with the adjustable resistance of the EFX stride the handlebars accommodate a wide variety of hand positions . The ergonomic design encourages good posture and proper technique_Ergonomic Handlebars . Optimally set at 20 degrees the fixed ramp allows for a patented forward and reverse elliptical stride working a wide range of lower body muscles . 	All About Fitness is proud to be a Better Business Bureau Member . EXERCISE EQUIPMENT AND FITNESS EQUIPMENT . Copyright 1997 Last modified . January 05 2009 All About Fitness does not take responsibility for any misspelled words or typographical errors on this website . The webmaster and All About Fitness shall not be held responsible under any circumstances for the info_ herein_ fitness equipment and exercise equipment . Our selection of treadmills like bodyguard Quantum Fitness Landice Bodycraft and DiamoundBack fitness and nautilus are among the best in the treadmill business . Our home gyms like bodycraft Tuff Stuff Multisports Powertec and Prospot . Free Motion coming soon  . 	0
11560010800257	Cultural diversity as used here does not include diversity based on noncultural identity groups . While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . The stress and anxiety that accompany this lack of support and affirmation cause their mental attention energy and efforts to be diffused between protecting their psyches from attack and attending to academic tasks . 	0
11570017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
11580017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
11590017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . The more information you have the better off you will be . 	0
11600174202922	Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . Moving north drop your bag at your first night is hotel Castle on the Hudson in Tarrytown . 	You can start at the drink bar or have the servers bring your choice of a breakfast cocktail . They specialize in Absolut vodka drinks along with bloody Mary and screwdriver makings or you can go with the mimosas which are miles better than the cheap champagne_and_orange_juice concoctions you will find at a 10 Sunday brunch . 	0
11610017300189	It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Not to mention replacing anything the dog may damage or destroy or putting money out for medical emergencies . Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
11620017302438	It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Having supplies gathered ahead of time will help you handle an emergency at a moment is notice . You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . To find out more about wikis see the . This textbook grew out of the First Aid article at Wikipedia . Because nearly anyone can add edit this text I do not know how much I would care to trust it A guide to dealing with choking emergencies meant primarily as a refresher for those who have had training . 	0
11630017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	While the material presented conforms to commonly accepted standards it is not intended to substitute for formalized classroom instruction in first aid as offered by many community groups and organizations . Nor should this tutorial be relied upon for use at the time of an emergency . The time to learn first aid is BEFORE you need to use it . 	0
11640010800257	Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . Diversity can indicate differences in thought processing or personality . For example the different outcomes of employees on psychological indicators such as Myer_Briggs test scores can be useful in establishing teams . 	it includes studying such key concepts as prejudice identity conflicts and alienation and modifying school practices and policies to reflect an appreciation for ethnic diversity in the United States Banks 1977 . Acquiring knowledge about various groups and organizations that oppose oppression and exploitation by studying the artifacts and ideas that emanate from their efforts Sizemore 1981 . 	0
11650010800257	Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . 	0
11660017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	Fortunately there is a logical method found in medical terminology . Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . Once you know the meanings of the basic parts of the words you can put them together to understand the meanings of many medical terms . These basic parts of medical terms are called stems prefixes and suffixes . During this course you will learn to identify and define a stem a prefix and a suffix . 	0
11670017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . Responsible breeders seek a balanced dog they will breed for . Irresponsible breeders with a single goal in their view will frequently sacrifice many of these points a breeder seeking top performance often lets temperament or health slide just so long as the dog can perform a breeder seeking top show dogs may let the dog is abilities and health slide . 	0
11680079902118	It does not matter whether the fruit juice is sweetened or unsweetened most people is glycemic response to both kinds of fruit juice is so swift and strong that it is essentially the same as drinking a regular soda_pop . A few dieticians will permit women to use a bit of fruit juice most will not . 	The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . Members can earn continuing education in diabetes credits online through a convenient and cost_effective method . 	0
11690017300189	Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
11700017302438	Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . Chemical reactions occur in each body cell . 	0
11710048402554	The AGM_86C CALCM differs from the AGM_86B air launched cruise missile in that it carries a conventional blast fragmentation payload rather than a nuclear payload . An enemy force would have to counterattack each of the missiles making defense against them costly and complicated . The enemy is defenses are further hampered by the missiles small size and low_altitude flight capability which makes them difficult to detect on _ radar 1 edit AGM_86A B . 	4 edit Block IIR series . The Block IIR series are replenishment satellites developed by . Each satellite weighs 4 480 pounds 2 030 kg at launch and 2 370 pounds 1 080 kg once on orbit . The first attempted launch of a Block IIR satellite failed on January 17 1997 when the rocket exploded 12 seconds into flight . The first successful launch was on July 23 1997 . Twelve satellites in the series were successfully launched . Lockheed Martin 5 Delta II edit Block IIR_M series . The Block IIR_M satellites include a new military signal and a more robust civil signal known as L2C . 	0
11720107000914	The buyout of Volvo Cars was announced on and in the following year the acquisition was completed at a price of 6_45 billion . 	From 1987 on incremental improvements in features and emissions control were made . Production of the 300 series ended in 1991 despite the fact it was supposedly replaced by the in 1987 . Volvo 440 . A famous advertisement for the 300 series in the late 1980s saw a come alive and drive a 340 out of a second floor factory window nose_diving into the concrete ground_ crash test dummy edit Engines . The 300 Series had a choice of three petrol engines a 1_4 1_7 and a 2 litre . 	0
11730048402554	AGM_86B missiles can be air_launched in large numbers by the bomber force . B_52H bombers carry six AGM_86B or AGM_86C missiles on each of two externally mounted pylons and eight internally on a rotary launcher giving the B_52H a maximum capacity of 20 missiles per aircraft . The AGM_86C CALCM differs from the AGM_86B air launched cruise missile in that it carries a conventional blast fragmentation payload rather than a nuclear payload . 	There will be eight satellites in the Block IIR_M series which are built by . The first Block IIR_M satellite was launched on September 26 2005 . The most recent launch GPS IIR_19 M was on March 15 2008 . 6 Lockheed Martin 7 edit Block IIF series . On September 9 2007 Boeing announced that it had completed assembly of the first satellite in the Block IIF series . 	0
11740133302696	DC_3 United Airlines DC_4E fuselage tail unit Lockheed Constellation . The DC_4E first flew on piloted by and was used by United Air Lines for test flights . The type proved to be ahead of its time it was complicated to maintain and uneconomical to operate . 	Lockheed agreed to Hughes request that the new aircraft be built in secrecy . The result was the revolutionary and TWA purchased the first 40 of the new airliners off the production line . TWA Boeing 307 Stratoliners Lockheed Constellation . 	0
11750089301649	It sounds urgent does not it . It is telling us to do something . But what . Replace a battery . Call the authorities . Evacuate the premises . Scrub ourselves with disinfectant and put on haz_mat suits and call our families to give them our tearful goodbyes . I imagine that soon he will begin to take things apart . He will methodically dismantle all of the electrical devices in his office creating an unusually precise metaphor for what is happening in his psyche . 	There a deadly electronic civilization thrives under the tyranny of the MCP and his minions . Disobey falter on the game grid make a mistake and it is de_res and disappear . Caught in the grid and threatened with de_resolution Flynn a USER pretends to be a program while he helps TRON an independent program developed by Flynn is friend to free the machine from the tyrannical control of the MCP _ was the first film to venture inside the three_dimensional world of computer imagery . Using early 80s state_of_the_art computer_generated graphics delivered a visual adventure for bit_heads hackers and nonhackers alike . 	0
11760017300189	In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	You must either get it neutered or make provisions for keeping your bitch away from dogs when in heat . If your male is intact you must keep him under control when he smells a bitch in heat . If you breed you are responsible for making sure that your dog or bitch is suitable for breeding i_e good health good temperament good specimen of the breed and free of genetic defects and making sure that all resulting puppies are placed in good homes . 	0
11770089301649	It is telling us to do something . But what . Replace a battery . Call the authorities . Evacuate the premises . Scrub ourselves with disinfectant and put on haz_mat suits and call our families to give them our tearful goodbyes . 	For us is particularly interesting . Its anthropomorphic sentient computer programs agents working on behalf of their users a World Within reflecting a World Without is brought to life by a talented team of animators and computer graphic artists_Tron computer imagery computer_generated graphics Gelernter is Mirror World is Mirror Worlds . Features of this DVD version of the 1982 movie include . Color Closed_captioned Widescreen Animated Dolby Digital Sound . Theatrical trailer s  . 	0
11780017302438	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . 	0
11790091100805	Antelope Wells is the southernmost settlement of New Mexico situated in the region commonly known as the boot heel of New Mexico . It is the smallest and least_used border crossing of the 43 ports of entry along the border with Mexico . 	Some geographers talk of Central America as a large in this geographic sense it sometimes includes the portion of Mexico east of the namely Mexican states of and . However Central America is much more commonly understood to correspond with the boundries of the nations inbetween Mexico and Colombia . 	0
11800010800257	Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . 	0
11810091100972	It is the smallest and least_used border crossing of the 43 ports of entry along the border with Mexico . The crossing which is open solely for non_commercial traffic is open every day from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon . 	Yes thats right we even have a name for our winter visitors to Texas . Many visitors from the northern United States and Canada migrate to Texas each winter searching for relief from the winter chill and to enjoy fun_in_the_sun . Texas boasts more than 600 miles of sparkling coastline fronting the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico . 	0
11820010801758	Finally the relatively high mobility of workers in the United States make it a reasonable assumption to hire employees from elsewhere in the country and expect them to move to the place of employment . By contrast many countries are divided into ethnic or cultural groups that have strong regional attachments . 	The day finally came when we were accepted to leave the refugee camp for the United States . And what a hard choice for one man to make to leave behind his parents his siblings and his country so that his children could live a better life than the harsh reality awaiting them if they stayed behind . 	0
11830010800257	Finally the relatively high mobility of workers in the United States make it a reasonable assumption to hire employees from elsewhere in the country and expect them to move to the place of employment . By contrast many countries are divided into ethnic or cultural groups that have strong regional attachments . 	These beliefs and principles require that cultural diversity be a driving force in all educational decisionmaking from determining students readiness for learning to designing curricula selecting instructional materials appraising performance and developing appropriate programs and teaching techniques for culturally different students . The reason simply stated is that students learn in different ways and under different conditions many of which are governed by their cultural socialization . 	0
11840011900139	The Illuminati are not the only race that have used Earth and humanity as a source of chi or energy . 9500 years ago a family from the Pleiades known as the Anunaki came to Earth . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
11850017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
11860017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . When you have casualties on the battlefield you must determine the sequence in which the casualties are to be treated and how to treat their injuries . 	0
11870041000658	It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . 	The British human intelligence effort was fairly efficient but did not provide intelligence quickly enough . The commander also discounted accurate intelligence reports_Timely tactical and operational intelligence is a constant problem . The British force was crippled by the lack of water . Even if sufficient water was available in the trains resupply from the trains to the forward elements remained a problem . 	0
11880083102546	Politically and militarily Archytas appears to have been the dominant figure in Tarentum in his generation somewhat comparable to in a half_century earlier . The Tarentines elected him general seven years in a row a step that required them to violate their own rule against successive appointments . 	Greece was eventually absorbed into the Roman Empire with Archimedes himself famously killed by a Roman soldier Rome did not pursue pure science as Greece had and eventually Europe fell into a Dark Age . The Greek emphasis on pure mathematics and proofs was key to the future of mathematics but they were missing an even more important catalyst a decimal place_value system based on zero and nine other symbols . 	0
11890041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . 	Early on 27 July the British brigade began to move north toward Maiwand . The British 66th Regiment soldiers breakfasted early as usual but the word did not get out in time . The native units which normally breakfasted later at midday were not fed and many marched with empty canteens . The British brigade covered six_plus miles toward Maiwand . Spies met the column and confirmed that the Herat army is main body was six miles two hours from Maiwand . The Afghan army was moving at twice the rate as the baggage_encumbered British . It was too late to retreat and the Afghans had to be prevented from bypassing Kandahar so the British decided to attack . 	0
11900041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . 	In 1834 Dost Mohammad defeated an invasion by ex_shah Shuja but his absence from Kabul gave the Sikhs the opportunity to expand westward . The forces of Ranjit Singh occupied Peshawar and moved from there into territory ruled directly by Kabul . In 1836 Dost Mohammad is forces under the command of his son defeated the Sikhs at Jamrud a post some 15 kilometers west of Peshawar . The Afghan leader however did not follow up this triumph by retaking Peshawar . Instead Dost Mohammad decided to contact the British directly for help in dealing with the Sikhs . In the spring of 1836 he wrote the new governor general of India Lord Auckland a letter of congratulations and asked his advice on dealing with the Sikhs . 	0
11910017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The identification of types of snake bites and types of venoms is the main concern of the section on snakes . The snakes described here will be found mainly in the United States . For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . 	0
11920017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Take note of the numbers assigned and CALL OFA and or CERF and verify them . The sire is paperwork will probably all be photocopied unless the breeder owns the sire as well . If you would like to see what the certificates would look like check _ http___www_geocities_com_Heartland_Plains_5404_ofa_html . Here are additional things you can do to verify the information the breeder gives you . 	0
11930182500878	Anglicanism portal was an passed by the in 1536 . It consisted mostly of a violent attack on the pretended power and usurped authority of the and his seditious and declared that those who committed the following offences liable for prosecution under the An Act extinguishing the authority of the bishop of Rome28 Henry VIII c . 	Jefferson is ideal for the United States was that of an agricultural nation of yeoman farmers in contrast to the vision of who envisioned a nation of commerce and manufacturing . Alexander Hamilton . Like many landholders of his time Jefferson owned . A subject of considerable controversy since Jefferson is own time was whether Jefferson was the father of any of the children of his slave _ slaves Sally Hemings . 	0
11940128502768	In 1913 the was ratified and the was instituted in the United States . Wilson resolved the longstanding debates over tariffs and antitrust and created the a complex business_government partnership that to this day dominates the financial world . 	The basic premise of the Purpose Dr_ven paradigm is for a pastor to recognize and be obedient to God s for his people and his and organize around developing these characteristics into the lives of people within his care . In Christian terms this is the task of . An additional focus is how to be most effective in reaching out to share God s love and in the local community and with non_believers who visit the church . 	0
11950010803142	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	4 2007 in the Farinon Marlo Room from 7_9 pm . Kwanzaa Celebration . FEBRUARY . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . LINC works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect and cultural sensitivity and a strong sociocultural academic community working together to provide social justice and diversity education programming and other efforts . 	0
11960165101370	The or is an image of the taken by the on . The picture is a mosaic of 60 individual frames . They were the last pictures taken by either Voyager spacecraft . It is the source of the famous image of the . Astronomer who was part of the Voyager imaging team campaigned for many years to have the pictures taken_Family PortraitPortrait of the Planets Solar System Voyager 1 spacecraft February 14 1990 Pale Blue Dot Earth Carl Sagan . The images were shot from a distance of about six billion kilometres about 4 billion miles and an angle of 32 degrees above the plane . Of the two spacecraft Voyager 1 was chosen for the family portrait because its flightpath had taken it out towards the Solar System is north pole and thus unlike its sister was in a position to view free from the s glare_ ecliptic Voyager Voyager 2 Jupiter Sun . Seven celestial bodies are visible in the mosaic . 	Star Trek Portal is an science fiction franchise . The Star Trek fictional universe created by Gene Roddenberry is the setting of six television programs including the original 1966 in addition to ten feature films with an eleventh in pre_production dozens of computer and video games hundreds of and other fan stories as well as a themed attraction in Las Vegas_Star Trek American Star Trek novels . 	0
11970010803142	Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . 	Sunday August 31st 8pm on the QuadA small village in Burkina Faso is devastated by the sudden death of many of its children . The village elders conduct a search to find out the person responsible for all deaths . 	0
11980010800257	Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . 	184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . 	0
11990010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	One revealing sign of such inequality is the frequency with which racial hostilities are reported in headline news . Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . 	0
12000017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . 	0
12010181600822	Vermont Alaska California and have placed the address of the state is official or tourism on their general issue plates with to follow suit in July 2008 . 	Adds public library foundations and Celebrating Special Children Inc_ to the list of organizations that may receive contributions for taxpayer refunds . The organizations will be added to the bottom of the list of other organizations waiting to appear on the income tax return . HB602 CH . 70_Voluntary contributions of tax refunds new organizations . 	0
12020017300189	The Community . Communities spend millions of dollars to control unwanted animals . Irresponsible breeding contributes to the problem of dog bites and attacks . Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . 	If you are interested in a purebred dog you should pick up a book on dog breeds most libraries will have a good selection and do some research with the above questions in mind . There are some breed_specific FAQ is available . Finally you should SERIOUSLY consider attending a dog show where not only can you potentially contact breeders but you can see ADULT specimens of the breed you are considering . 	0
12030079902118	since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . It is beyond the scope of this faq to list portion sizes be sure to consult your RD or the ADA booklet for this_Serving sizes are extremely important to note . 	The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
12040079900398	since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . It is beyond the scope of this faq to list portion sizes be sure to consult your RD or the ADA booklet for this_Serving sizes are extremely important to note . 	Percocet Without Prescription 2 carb controlled diabetes diet type_ sugar diabetes allergy diabetes diet diabetes in cat diabetes and nutrition symptoms juvenile diabetes_ diabetes testing free blood glucose monitoring system complications of diabetes control type 2 diabetes american diabetes association chicago area type two diabetes american diabetes association controlling diabetes_ herbal cure for diabetes diabetes signs symptoms diet for gestational diabetes diabetes glucose prevention of symptoms for type 1 diabetes natural cure juvenile diabetes signs and symptoms of diabetes juvenile diabetes curriculum diabetes meters diabetes in children diabetes diet diabetic checkfordiabetescom diabetes natural remedies_ diabetes software walk for diabetes sample diet for gestational diabetes foot care in diabetes Its all for your comfort and saves your money prices will surprise you diabetes canada diabetes and hypertension screeniing_ cures for type 2 diabetes diabetes diet feline_ brittle diabetes facts about diabetes_ cialis diabetes new diabetes medication abbott diabetes care diabetes 2 symptoms of gestational diabetes book natural cures for diabetes . 	0
12050010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . Anyone who deviates from these standards is considered to be unAmerican they become objects of scorn and are subjected to discrimination being denied equal access to institutional opportunities political rights economic rewards and respect for their human dignity . 	0
12060010803142	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . 	LINC aims to provide social justice and diversity education programming among other efforts_It works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect cultural sensitivity and a strong socio_cultural academic community_Farinon Marlo Room East Sept . 10th 12pm . LINC Meeting . The block party is sponsored by the Office of the Dean of Students Lafayette Intercultural Network Council Office of Recreation Services and the Arts Society with support from the Department of Athletics Maroon Club and the Office of Residence Life . 	0
12070010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . 	Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
12080108500217	Supreme Court ruling allowed federal workers who experience retaliation as a result of reporting age discrimination under the law to sue for damages . Gomez_Perez v . Potter edit Remedies . ADEA remedies include reinstatement and back pay for employee or damages if reinstatement is not feasible and or employer is violation is intentional  . 	Bloomington has become the second Indiana city to provide civil_rights protections based on gender identity . This change means that Bloomington city code will treat gender identity as a category protected against discrimination just like race religion disability sex and sexual orientation . The Bloomington City Council vote was preceded by two years of broad community advocacy . 	0
12090108500217	The law also sets standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 631 a pensions . Contents . 	StoryFebruary 10 2005 here _ from the National Center for Transgender Equality . The House of Representatives is currently considering H_R . 418 the REAL ID Act . Ask Your Representatives to vote AGAINST the REAL ID Act H_R . 418 . 	0
12100010800257	Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
12110010800257	In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . 	The relative physical isolation of ethnic groups in the United States means that individuals in these groups are much more likely to engage in qualitative interactions with people who are like themselves than with people from different ethnic groups . Interactions with people who are different are transitory and perfunctory . 	0
12120010803142	In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . 	In West Africa master drummers enjoy the status and respect that other cultures extend to figures of high prominence_governors priests healers . As keeper of musical lore from his native Ghana is an extraordinary interpreter of African drumming traditions and his charismatic performances with his ensemble pulse with the thrilling energy of drumming dance and song . 	0
12130017300189	But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . 	Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . 	0
12140017302438	But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . 	Please be patient they look simple but they are a lot of work . a free public service . We hope to provide you with all the information you need to learn the basics The lymenet_org site has expert advice about prevention of tick bites plus management and recovery from Lyme disease . 	0
12150079902118	The only proper course of action in these cases is tomaynotlosingfind a new providermustnoludicrousareGET A NEW PROVIDER . Some providers who are not obviously size_phobic do have what be legitimate concerns about maternal caloric intake although it is important to remember that nothing is proven conclusively and the safety of restriction is not established either . 	The annual scientific sessions are offered to diabetes community members to take active part in what is considered as the largest diabetes clinical and research meeting in the world . This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
12160011900139	Ye shalt not go after other gods of the gods of the people which are round about you for the Lord thy God is a jealous God among you lest the anger of the Lord thy God be kindled against thee and destroy thee from off the face of the Earth . 	Cite this Page . The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
12170017300189	Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . 	Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . Ask to see the dog in the holding area most shelters have . 	0
12180010800257	A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . 	0
12190010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	The psychological underpinnings of multicultural education explain its emphasis on developing greater selfunderstanding positive selfconcepts and pride in one is ethnic identity . Emphasizing these areas is part of multicultural education is goal of contributing to the personal development of students which contends that a better sense of self contributes to the overall intellectual academic and social achievement of students . Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . 	0
12200010803142	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	LINC Meeting with Marc Bamuthi Joseph Internationally renowned spoken word artist Marc Bamuthi Joseph is part of an emerging class of who combine a variety of art forms in their work . He has been a featured artist on Russell Simmons Def PoetryJam on HBO and is a National Poetry Slam champion Broadway veteran and inaugural recipient of the United States Artists Rockefeller Fellowship . Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . This performance is sponsored by the Lafayette College Office of Intercultural Development_Friday February 6 8 00 pm Williams Center for the Arts . 	0
12210010800257	In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . The field includes educational scholars researchers and practitioners from a wide variety of personal professional philosophical political and pedagogical backgrounds . 	0
12220017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
12230083102546	As only described in the writings of five centuries after him he was reputed to have designed and built the first artificial self_propelled flying device a bird_shaped model propelled by a jet of what was probably steam said to have actually flown some 200 meters . This machine which its inventor called may have been suspended on a wire or pivot for its flight . Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . Thomas Winter has suggested that the pseudo_Aristotelian is an important mechanical work by Archytas not lost after all but misattributed_ mechanics 1 Aulus Gellius 2 3 The Pigeon 4 5 Vitruvius 6 Mechanical Problems 7 . 	Seki is work was not propagated to Europe so has minimal historic importance otherwise Seki might rank high on our list . Top 1642_1727 England Isaac Sir Newton . Newton was an industrious lad who built marvelous toys . His genius seems to have blossomed at about age 22 when on leave from University he began revolutionary advances in mathematics optics dynamics thermodynamics acoustics and celestial mechanics . Newton is other intellectual interests included chemistry theology astrology and alchemy . Although this list is concerned only with mathematics Newton is greatness is indicated by the wide range of physical principles he was first to enunciate including gravitation and the idea that white light is a mixture of all the rainbow is colors . 	0
12240179400753	They get an order from upstairs which asks them to record the dream of a subject who is presently in . The subject is Cassandra Rains . In her dream Wynn sees how she was captured while walking in a pleasant forest with her daughter Anna . REM . Rains meets the other occupants of the cube who share her plight three more males and one female . One of the males has a tattoo on his forehead like the soldier that captured her . 	Favourite Song . Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . Places to Visit . Gammelstaden Meythet Hartzviller Livry_Gargan . Post N25995 . Best Film . MHYTHOS N DJ COSMO Hymn Airscape Remix Beyond The Horizon Iridescenze . Post N33490 . My Projects aoselectronics_com geekmeup_com kerrydairy_com . Post N52069 . My Friends . Linddstrom Abbi Martinezolmo Gracie Falcheck Harkirat . Post N76204 . Favourite Song . Same Old Scene Stay With Me Maggie May Reich so reich . 	0
12250010803142	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . 	LINC Meeting with Marc Bamuthi Joseph Internationally renowned spoken word artist Marc Bamuthi Joseph is part of an emerging class of who combine a variety of art forms in their work . He has been a featured artist on Russell Simmons Def PoetryJam on HBO and is a National Poetry Slam champion Broadway veteran and inaugural recipient of the United States Artists Rockefeller Fellowship . Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . This performance is sponsored by the Lafayette College Office of Intercultural Development_Friday February 6 8 00 pm Williams Center for the Arts . 	0
12260010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . 	The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . Anyone who deviates from these standards is considered to be unAmerican they become objects of scorn and are subjected to discrimination being denied equal access to institutional opportunities political rights economic rewards and respect for their human dignity . Multicultural education is a potential means for correcting these distortions and inequities . The recent revival of racial hate groups such as the skinheads and neoNazis acts of racial hostility such as racial slurs directed toward AfricanAmericans KoreanAmericans and MexicanAmericans cross burnings in AfricanAmerican neighborhoods attacks by groups of ethnic youths against other ethnic groups and recent cases of blatant police brutality against AfricanAmericans in Los Angeles and Detroit are symptoms of the inherent social racism that prevails in United States society where citizens have not learned to understand respect and value diversity . Another indication of this social deficiency is the persistence of stereotypic attitudes toward ethnic groups . In a recent study of ethnic images Smith 1990 reports that negative perceptions of groups of color especially AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are common in contemporary society . These groups are still considered to be less hardworking more violent less intelligent and more unpatriotic than Anglos . 	0
12270083102546	Politically and militarily Archytas appears to have been the dominant figure in Tarentum in his generation somewhat comparable to in a half_century earlier . The Tarentines elected him general seven years in a row a step that required them to violate their own rule against successive appointments . He was allegedly undefeated as a general in Tarentine campaigns against their southern Italian neighbors . The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . In his public career Archytas had a reputation for virtue as well as efficacy . 	His textbooks dealt with many matters including solid geometry combinations and advanced arithmetic methods . He was also an astronomer and wrote a comprehensive textbook on planetary motions that would not be equalled in Europe for many centuries . In algebra he solved various equations including 2nd_order Diophantine quartic Brouncker is and Pell is equations some of his solutions were superior to those discovered in 17th century Europe . In analysis he took derivatives of polynomial and trigonometric functions used Rolle is Theorem and anticipated integral calculus . In trigonometry which he valued for its own beauty as well as practical applications he developed spherical trig and was first to present the identity a b a b b a sinsincossincos . 	0
12280010803142	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . 	Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . This performance is sponsored by the Lafayette College Office of Intercultural Development_Friday February 6 8 00 pm Williams Center for the Arts . The Spoken Word hip_hop theater artists The SpokenWordWord Becomes Flesh Scourge the break sTimes has an amazing voice one of the best jazz has boasted . It is powerful and intimate and full of emotion and her range is stunning says the . Since she lit up our stage seven years ago with her charismatic tribute to Sarah Vaughn Reeves subsequent recordings and award_winning vocal tracks in the film have bolstered her reputation as one of the most in demand singers of our era . 	0
12290010800257	Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . Diversity can indicate differences in thought processing or personality . For example the different outcomes of employees on psychological indicators such as Myer_Briggs test scores can be useful in establishing teams . 	Some restrict their focus to people of color while others include all major groups that are different in any way from mainstream Americans . Other definitions limit multicultural education to characteristics of local schools and still others provide directions for school reform in all settings regardless of their characteristics . 	0
12300017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . Does it approach you in a friendly manner . Talk with the people caring for the animals for any information on a particular animal they can give you . 	0
12310079902118	A protein food at the bedtime snack however is generally QUITE important since you will be going without eating for quite a long time . Milk starches and protein are important then since the combination provides an excellent grouping of short_term and long_term energy sources . This should be able to get you through the night without a huge dip in the middle and a strong spike in the early morning . 	The quest for the most effective treatment and management of diabetes remains at the forefront of numerous medical research and studies . 	0
12320017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
12330039003066	Recording of these payments and related determination of correct tax implications is frequently a source of doubts of tax_payers and the constantly changing approach of tax authorities . During the meeting we shall indicate the key features of payments deciding on their tax classification and correct recording method_Cooperation with suppliers 16 September 11a_ m . 	We are known for our ability to find refund and reduction opportunities and aggressively fight for these dollars . For our clients with a large capital base our professionals implement tax_saving strategies designed to reduce the base on which tax is computed . For our clients with multistate activity we meticulously review apportionment computations and analyze the relevant law for every dollar included in the numerator and denominator . 	0
12340079902118	The research quality in this area is definitely lacking_somesomesomewhatsomewithout any study of the procedure is long_term safety for baby or mother . How much less macrosomic are these babies and is the reduction really significant enough to justify such radical treatment . 	Both basic research and clinical research are included in these activities which also offer opportunities for professional networking perfect for the continuing education of professional health care providers psychologists and researchers . The ADA offers continuing education in diabetes using several learning formats and is addressed from local to national levels . 	0
12350174200884	Home to Yonkers Raceway and its Empire City Racino video slot gambling and the venerable Cross County Shopping Center opened in 1954 with 100 stores and restaurants . Both of these are close by the NYS Thruway . 	I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . 	0
12360066002320	I have been listening from the beginning but just realized I have only posted a line or two about it here so I m adding a few details here Although its name is inspired by the open source software movement Lydon is new effort is not a technology_focused show topics in the past couple of months have ranged from to to not just . 	One in nine people living there has HIV or AIDS and 15 percent of children under the age of 15 are expected to lose a parent to the disease by 2015 she said . The Muppet there will be a 5_year_old orphan . The show will not deal with how she got the virus or how it transmitted . 	0
12370017302438	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . The course content is based on the First Aid Manual the authorized book of St John Ambulance the British Red Cross and St Andrews Ambulance Association_ is basically very simple . 	0
12380106000694	 Click on a business below to find out more info . Katarina Sail Charters . Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . 	Our latest photo submission is from at click to enlarge . From the deserts of Iraq MSG Acevedo sees the beaches of Rincon through the cyber_windows provided by Rincon . Online . We salute the men and women of the military and humanitarian organizations endeavoring in all parts of the world . We wish them good luck and a safe and happy return . To see which Rincon sticker will look good on your Humvee or Hummer visit the . 	0
12390181601326	Tags that are not up to date quickly attract the attention of law enforcement because registration renewal is a transaction that can usually be undertaken only by the car is registered owner once certain requirements have been met and because registration fees are a source of government revenue . 	In addition to receiving vehicle registration information from the DMV weekly a citizen may come into the office of the Commissioner and register his her personal property . Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles Effective January 2006 you will no longer be required to annually file with the City unless the location status or ownership of your property has changed . 	0
12400017302438	Unsterilized animals often exhibit more behavior and temperament problems than do those who have been spayed or neutered . Spaying and neutering can make pets less likely to bite . Neutering makes pets less likely to roam the neighborhood run away or get into fights . 	There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
12410024501697	The process of colonization and settling resulted in a significant population of European etc_ and Indian descent etc_ in many southern African countries . 	Tamarkin Michael Portland Oregon . Cass 1995_Cecil Rhodes and the Cape Afrikaners . The Imperial Colossus and the Colonial Parish Pump . Taylor Stephen London . Harper Collins 1994_Shaka is Children . A History of the Zulu People . Thompson Leonard M Rev_ ed . 	0
12420108500217	621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 631 a pensions . Contents . 	New report by Dr_ Jillian Todd Weiss August 2004 MA The Cutting Edge of Employment Diversity . Transgender Human Resources Policies in U_S . Employers US Government Announces Policy on Transsexual Applicants . In an interoffice memorandum William R_ Yates Associate Director for Operations of the U_S . 	0
12430091102864	In 2005 just 93 pedestrians crossed over at the site which consisted of just four buildings a port of entry building two houses and a trailer . 	Andrew J_ Hamilton was appointed by the President provisional governor in the summer of 1865 and measures were taken for the reorganization of civil government there . Under the reconstruction acts of 1867 Texas with Louisiana was made a military district and subjected to military rule under General Sheridan . A convention assembled Dec . 	0
12440066002591	OK one last post . While I m taking a blog break you will find plenty more to read at the which includes an multi_dimensional aggregator of recent posts by the more than 100 Tennessee bloggers listed in the page is left column as Brigadiers . Multi_dimensional . I mean that the aggregator lets you browse the opening paragraphs of the posts on RTB members blogs or just skim the headlines of the a nice touch for speed_readers and speed_linkers . 	PBPB is a supplement to published by . A History of Public Broadcasting Current . TIMELINES and NPBA both maintain . 	0
12450107000914	The current edition is taking place between and . Volvo has also had a long_standing commitment to the and is involved in the Volvo World Youth Sailing Championships since 1997 . Volvo Ocean Race October 4 2008 June 27 2009 ISAF ISAF . 	An unusual feature of the car is design is the geometry of the rear axle . Two degrees of negative camber on the rear axle produces a similar stabilising effect as the expensive and complex launched by a year after the launch of the Volvo 343 . The inherent stability of this design made the car popular with caravan owners being voted in 1985_ de Dion Weissach axle Porsche Tow Car of the Year citation needed . 	0
12460011900139	The Illuminati is karma with the human form goes back over 50 000 years ago and originated with the Sirian race . The Sirians who are a fifth dimensional humanoid race made agreements to support the Illuminati is longevity when both races were in third dimensional form . 	In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . The former oceanic material collectively called an ophiolite marks the suture between the two plates . Ophiolitic rocks may be overthrust by continental crust of the colliding plate . 	0
12470079900398	since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
12480154901044	In addition to weight loss due to a reduction in fat and lean mass illnesses such as diabetes certain medications lack of fluid intake and other factors can trigger fluid loss . And fluid loss in addition to a reduction in fat and lean mass exacerbates the risk for _ cachexia . Infections such as may alter metabolism leading to weight loss . HIV 1 . 	Coffee shop or other non_Medifast types of lattes are not recommended on the 5 1 Plan because theyre made with about 1 2 cup of milk and milk adds too many additional carbohydrates to your diet during the weight loss phase . 	0
12490154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . 	In order to maximize effectiveness and to ensure that you get all the nutrition your body requires the Medifast 5 1 Plan 5 Medifast Meals plus 1 Lean Green Meal should be followed  unless otherwise recommended by your physician . Can I substitute a sixth Medifast Meal for my one Lean Green . It is the weight . Is the Lean serving size the cooked or uncooked weight? cooked . 	0
12500017300189	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . 	0
12510017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . Bring along a friend who can help you look at the dog more objectively . 	0
12520181600822	Similarly when a person buys a vehicle outside his state or province of residence he can usually obtain a transit registration from the authorities of the state or province where the purchase took place . This transit registration will allow the new owner to drive the vehicle and to properly register and obtain license plates for the vehicle from his state or province of residence . The physical indicia of such temporary or transit registrations can take a variety of forms such as . a cardboard or lightweight plastic license plate to be removed at the end of the temporary registration period a standard metal license plate with temporary validation in which case the government agency needs to issue only a validation sticker rather than a license plate or a form or decal to be applied to a window of the vehicle . 	Taxation conformity with Internal Revenue Code . 58_1_312 amended . Extends from three years to six years the period in which the Department of Taxation may assess income tax for any tax return filed based in whole or in part on an abusive tax avoidance transaction . An abusive tax avoidance transaction means a transaction that has been identified by the Tax Commissioner as such a transaction and that has been published by the Tax Commissioner . 	0
12530079900398	since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . In the ADA booklet 1 4 c_ of cottage cheese is one serving . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
12540174201455	For 915 you and 4 guests can make a 1 4_barrel that yields 5 cases . For 1 650 you can bring 9 guests and your 1 2_barrel yields 10 cases . A full barrel costs 2 600 and you and 14 guests get 20 cases . 	January 1 2009 8 a_m_ to 3 p_m . Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . All teas are served with four kinds of tea sandwiches an assortment of desserts and freshly baked scones with mascarpone cream lemon curd jams and marmalades . Prices range from 40 to 48 for adults or 25 to 32 for children . Every Saturday and Sunday 1 to 4 p_m . Valentines Family Celebration includes . Resort_view accommodations for one night . 	0
12550139400156	In the UK domestic electric immersion heaters are usually rated at 3 kilowatts _ kWh 1 2 . Energy efficiencies of tank water heaters in residential use can vary greatly particularly based on manufacturer and model . 	At Boiler Breakdowns we have a simple philosophy based on providing customer satisfaction from your first phone call to us through to the completion of the job . Rather than just charging as much as we can every time we get a central heating or boiler repair job we believe in offering value for money so that you will use us again and again for any plumbing work you have . 	0
12560017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . 	0
12570181600822	They argue that they add cost to production use resources metal create double the amount of waste and do not give police any extra tool in recovering stolen vehicles . 	Provides that if a change in assessment arises solely from the construction or addition of new improvements then notice of such change in assessment need not set out the new tax rate or the percentage change in the new tax levy from the immediately prior one . It also provides that such notice may omit reference to districts for those localities that have elected by ordinance to prepare land and personal property books in alphabetical order . 	0
12580010800257	While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	They believe that at best multicultural education is a philosophy a methodology for educational reform and a set of specific content areas within instructional programs . Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . And it requires changes in school programs policies and practices . 	0
12590060701760	OSHA Quick Cards . Table of Contents . Aerial Lifts Quick Card English Spanish Avian Flu . 	From the Hartford Courant . Search jobs post resume career advice and more . Register with site post your resume and search Connecticut jobs . State of Connecticut Department of Administrative Services state Part of America is Job Bank . Search by zip code military title and keyword . Craigslist . Search for jobs in Connecticut by category location or keyword . Jobs Listings Find a temporary or contract job in CT by category . Search by location in Connecticut . 	0
12600108500217	It also applied to standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 	The bill is FOr more information visit the home page of . December 19 2005 Indianapolis IN here . Indiana Equality . In September 2005 the NYC Department of Education revised its Discipline Code to state that students can be disciplined for using slurs taunting bullying and engaging in physical violence based on a persons gender identity or expression . 	0
12610010800257	Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	The prominence of AfricanAmericans in the music and professional athletics industries and their disproportionate representation in penal institutions may lead some students to conclude that the only contributions to U_S_ society by these groups has been in these highly visible areas . 	0
12620154901044	Other methods of losing weight include use of and that decrease block absorption or reduce stomach volume . Medicines with herbs such as are popular . 	For best results use your Medifast Meals as soon as possible and store them in a cool dry clean environment . Can Medifast Meals be consumed after the best_if_used_by date . Use water for all Medifast Meals that require mixing . For specific information refer to our complete list of PDF File . 	0
12630017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . 	0
12640017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The vet cannot always get a fecal sample from the dog and this saves you extra trips to return the sample and then bring the dog in if the tests are positive . When you get your new dog you might already have pets that you will need to introduce the new dog to . Exactly what you will need to do depends on the kinds and temperaments of the animals involved . Meeting first in a neutral area such as someone else is house or in a park if possible may help . Getting A Dog . What Kind of Dog Should I Get . 	0
12650083101491	According to this demonstration which uses lines generated by moving figures to construct the two proportionals between magnitudes was the first in which geometry was studied with concepts of mechanics . The which he used in his solution of the doubling the cube problem is named after him . 	Writing in the 5th century AD the Greek philosopher Proclus told the story of Euclid is reply to Ptolemy who asked whether there was any shorter way in geometry than that of the Elements There is no royal road to geometry . Another anecdote relates that a student probably in Alexandria after learning the very first proposition in geometry wanted to know what he would get by learning these things whereupon Euclid called his slave and said Give him threepence since he must needs make gain by what he learns . 	0
12660083102546	According to this demonstration which uses lines generated by moving figures to construct the two proportionals between magnitudes was the first in which geometry was studied with concepts of mechanics . The which he used in his solution of the doubling the cube problem is named after him . 	Descartes early career was that of soldier_adventurer and he finished as tutor to royalty but in between he achieved fame as the preeminent intellectual of his day . He invented analytic geometry and is therefore called the Father of Modern Mathematics . 	0
12670083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . 	He is sometimes described as the successor to Gauss . As an algorist manipulator of involved algebraic expressions he may have been surpassed only by Euler and Ramanujan . Jacobi was also an especially inspirational math teacher . 	0
12680041000658	In the up to the nineteenth century Afghanistan was part of a larger region known as . 	While the British line suffered from continuous Afghan artillery fire the British repulsed Afghan cavalry on the left flank . However the Afghan army was regrouping for the offensive . Artillery pieces were brought as close as 500 to 600 yards from British positions some guns even closer_Ghazis . Between 1400 and 1430 the fire from the Afghan guns diminished . The British hoped the Afghans were out of ammunition but it was a prelude to an all_out attack . 	0
12690083102546	Archytas was born in now and was the son of Mnesagoras or Histiaeus . For a while he was taught by and was a teacher of mathematics to . Archytas and Eudoxus student was . 	Apparently Desargues Homology Theorem a pair of triangles is coaxial if and only if it is copolar was proved in one of these lost works this is the fundamental theorem which initiated the study of projective geometry . Euclid is also believed to have proved that there are only five Platonic solids . 	0
12700083101491	Archytas was born in now and was the son of Mnesagoras or Histiaeus . For a while he was taught by and was a teacher of mathematics to . Archytas and Eudoxus student was . 	Apart from some new proofs and additions the contents of Book X are the work of Theaetetus so is most of Book XIII in which are described the five regular solids earlier identified by the Pythagoreans . Euclid seems to have incorporated a finished treatise of Theaetetus on the regular solids into his Elements . 	0
12710041000658	Much of Afghanistan soon broke away from the Greco_Bactrians and became part of the . The Indo_Greeks were defeated by the and expelled from most of Afghanistan by the end of the 2nd century BCE . 	As more Afghan guns arrived they moved into one of five firing locations that delivered punishing fire on the British formation . The 66th and Jacob is Rifles were partially protected since they were lying down behind a small fold in the ground . 	0
12720017302438	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . 	0
12730017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Having supplies gathered ahead of time will help you handle an emergency at a moment is notice . You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . 	0
12740017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . Expect some fear and nervousness . A few doggy treats may help calm it . If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . 	0
12750079902118	It is about 2100 calories and was given by a real registered dietician in 1997 . It is NOT intended to be a medical prescription or advice just one more source of information about the subject . 	It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . How professionals can participate in continuing education courses . There are a variety of courses available for health care providers most of which are offered as specialized learning depending on the individual is field of specialization . 	0
12760017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	There are really only three places that you should get a dog from an animal shelter a breeder or a rescue organization . Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . Does it approach you in a friendly manner . Talk with the people caring for the animals for any information on a particular animal they can give you . 	0
12770017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
12780017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . 	0
12790017300189	Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . 	Enroll in puppy and dog classes where you can learn much from the instructor attend them even before you get a dog or puppy for first hand knowledge of what you can expect . Many dogs are in animal shelters with a note that says could not be housebroken or could not be trained . 	0
12800010800257	A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . 	School leaders often operate on the faulty assumption that their values beliefs and actions are the norm for everyone exist beyond any cultural constraints or are culturally neutral . They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . 	0
12810041002863	In 1709 a local Afghan from the clan overthrew and killed the Safavid governor of . Mir Wais successfully defeated the Persians who were attempting to convert the local population of Kandahar from to the sect of . Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . In 1722 Mir Mahmud led an Afghan army to sacked the city and proclaimed himself . 	He returned to his headquarters in Qandahar to put down one of an endless series of tribal uprisings and then set out westward to take Herat which was ruled by Nadir Shah is grandson Shah Rukh . Herat fell to Ahmad after almost a year of bloody siege and conflict as did also Meshed in present_day Iran . Abroad left Shah Rukh a 16_year_old who had previously been blinded by a rival to rule the eastern Iranian province of Khorasan for him . At Nishapur Ahmad was temporarily halted but the following spring he struck again this time employing a cannon that fired a 500_pound projectile . Although the cannon exploded on its first shot Ahmad Shah is determination and the effect of the huge missile convinced the local rulers that they should surrender . Before returning to Herat Ahmad is troops plundered the city and massacred much of the population . 	0
12820041000658	In 1709 a local Afghan from the clan overthrew and killed the Safavid governor of . Mir Wais successfully defeated the Persians who were attempting to convert the local population of Kandahar from to the sect of . Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . In 1722 Mir Mahmud led an Afghan army to sacked the city and proclaimed himself . 	As the column moved near Mahmudabad village further intelligence indicated Afghan columns were moving across the British Front from west to east six to seven miles away . Burrows decided to engage the Afghan force while it was on the march . He left the baggage at Mahmudabad and the column turned northwest onto a barren plain cut by several ravines . On the far side of the village is a large ravine 15 to 25 feet deep and 50 to 100 feet wide which runs northeasterly . Farther to the north near Khik village a narrower ravine runs northwest which later provided cover for the Afghan infantry_1516 . 	0
12830041000658	Among them the periods of the Ghaznavids and Timurids are considered as some of the most brilliant eras of the region is history . Samanids Ghaznavids Seljukids Ghurids Mongol Empire Ilkhanate Timurids 42 43 . In 1219 the region was overrun by the under who devastated the land . 	The Afghan artillery is effectiveness significantly increased through its continuous maneuver eventually bringing some guns to 500 yards from the British line . Artillery played a dominant role in the battle_13 . The British troops had better training and discipline and were supported by an organized logistic system . The Afghan army was an odd assortment of fighters with differing levels of training armament and organization . They were united only by common purpose . However there was no guarantee that the army would stay together for long since in the absence of a viable logistic support system most of the combatants were fending for themselves . 	0
12840010800257	For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	They now insist that there is no inherent contradiction between allegiance to their own ethnic and cultural heritages and being an American . Instead these dual identities are complementary and should be respected and promoted . One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . Ethnic and cultural pluralism is an everpresent influence in all aspects of American history life and culture . 	0
12850041002863	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . 	The forces of Ranjit Singh occupied Peshawar and moved from there into territory ruled directly by Kabul . In 1836 Dost Mohammad is forces under the command of his son defeated the Sikhs at Jamrud a post some 15 kilometers west of Peshawar . The Afghan leader however did not follow up this triumph by retaking Peshawar . Instead Dost Mohammad decided to contact the British directly for help in dealing with the Sikhs . 	0
12860041000658	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . 	The Afghan army used local copies of the British pattern 53 Enfield rifled musket . Similarly British forces failed to mass operationally settling for tactical successes . Instead of facing Ayub in Kandahar and shifting forces from Kabul which was at that time secure under its new ally Amir Abdurrahman they split their forces between Helmand Kandahar and Kalat . 	0
12870010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	The goals of these diverse types of multicultural education range from bringing more information about various groups to textbooks to combatting racism to restructuring the entire school enterprise and reforming society to make schools more culturally fair accepting and balanced . For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . 	0
12880041002863	The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . Since then he is often regarded as the founder of modern Afghanistan . After the inauguration he changed his title or clans name to which derives from the Persian word meaning . 	One of Ahmad is first acts as chief was to adopt the title Durr_i_Durran meaning pearl of pearls or pearl of the age whether because of a dream or because of the pearl earrings worn by the royal guard of Nadir Shah . The Abdali Pashtuns were known thereafter as the Durrani . Ahmad is rise was owing not only to his personality and talents but also to extraordinary luck . 	0
12890041000658	In 1738 Nadir Shah and his army which included four thousand Pashtuns of the clan conquered the region of Kandahar in the same year he occupied Ghazni Kabul and . On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . 	John faced obstacles from the growing anti_British popular uprising in the region . Brigade daily reconnaissance patrols to Sang Bur Garmab about 22 kilometers northwest and north of Khushk_i_Nakhud and the Arghandab River in the south could safely monitor the approaches to Kandahar for only a brief time during the day . Although British scouts detected the presence of small elements of the Afghan army at Sang Bur Garmab and Maiwand three or four days before the battle Burrows and St . John failed to determine their enemy is whereabouts . In fact the advance guard of the Afghan army arrived in Garmab on 25 July while a number of its forward elements and a group of reached Maiwand the same day . The following day Ayub Khan arrived in Sang Bur just after the British patrol left the place . 	0
12900010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . 	Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
12910083102546	The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . In his public career Archytas had a reputation for virtue as well as efficacy . Some scholars have argued that Archytas may have served as one model for Plato is and that he influenced Plato is political philosophy as expressed in and other works i_e how does a society obtain good rulers like Archytas instead of bad ones like Dionysus II? Pericles Athens strategos Seventh Letter Plato Dionysius II Syracuse philosopher king The Republic . Archytas drowned in a shipwreck in the sea of . 	But even if we suppose Chang was a mere copyist his book had immense historical importance . It was the dominant Chinese mathematical text for centuries and had great influence throughout the Far East . After Chang Chinese mathematics continued to flourish discovering trigonometry matrix methods the binomial theorem etc . Some of the teachings made their way to India and from there to the Islamic world and Europe . There is some evidence that the Hindus borrowed the decimal system itself from books like . 	0
12920010800257	To achieve a workforce that is fully balanced between the French and Flemish communities in Belgium then a company might be expected to open facilities in each cultural region of the country . 	This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
12930017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
12940174200884	Cayuga Lake is the longest at 40 miles and developed the first NY Wine Trail in 1983 . Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . 	0
12950174200884	It is fresh and floral in its youth but can age well . The off dry Rieslings match well with Cajun Mexican and Thai cuisine . Then there are the late harvest and botrytis wines for the end of a meal or by themselves . It is a conundrum for Riesling producers . A touch of sweetness brings food friendly character to Riesling . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . 	0
12960010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . 	The control of most major institutions and power positions by European Americans cause some people to think that these positions were acquired because European Americans have innate intellectual superiority and are destined to be leaders . The prominence of recent immigrants and racial group members in lowlevel service jobs cause some people to conclude that their economic status is synonymous with their human worth and to act accordingly . Asian Americans are thought to be highly intelligent because Japanese and Chinese Americans often perform well on selected measures of intellectual ability . The tendency to ascribe attributes and behaviors of individuals to the entire ethnic group to which they belong is the basis for perpetuating stereotypes prejudices and racism . 	0
12970041002076	In the up to the nineteenth century Afghanistan was part of a larger region known as . Several important centers of Khor s n are thus located in modern Afghanistan such as and . It was during this period of time when was introduced and spread in the area . Middle Ages Greater Khorasan 39 40 41 Balkh Herat Ghazni Kabul Islam . The region of Afghanistan became the center of various important empires including that of the 875 999 977 1187 1037 1194 1149 1212 1225 1335 and 1370 1506 . 	The city of Herat became well known with the advent of the in the middle of the seventh century . When the Arab armies appeared in in the 650s Herat was counted among the twelve capital towns of the Sasanian Empire . Herat was taken in AD 652 by General . Around 786_809 Her t was part of the caliphate later it was ruled by the and after 867_869 the took control . Arabs Khorasan Abdul Rehman ibn Samrah Abbasid Tahirid dynasty Saffarid dynasty . Before 1040 it was ruled by the . In 1040 it was captured by the . In 1175 it was captured by the and then came under the . In this period Her t became an important center for the production of metal goods especially in often decorated with elaborate inlays in precious metals . 	0
12980041002863	In the up to the nineteenth century Afghanistan was part of a larger region known as . Several important centers of Khor s n are thus located in modern Afghanistan such as and . It was during this period of time when was introduced and spread in the area . Middle Ages Greater Khorasan 39 40 41 Balkh Herat Ghazni Kabul Islam . The region of Afghanistan became the center of various important empires including that of the 875 999 977 1187 1037 1194 1149 1212 1225 1335 and 1370 1506 . 	When Painda Khan who had been Timur is adviser and was the chief of the Muhammadzai clan came to Zeman is support his accession to the throne was assured . Zeman Timor is fifth son became shah at the age of 23 his half_brothers accepted this only by force majeure having been imprisoned upon their arrival in the capital to elect a shah . The quarrels among Timur is descendants threw Afghanistan into turmoil and provided the pretext for the intervention of outside forces in the country for the first time since its unification under Abroad Shah in 1747 . 	0
12990041002076	He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . 	In September 1995 the city was captured by the and Ismail Khan fled . However after the U_S_ invasion of Afghanistan on it was liberated from the Taliban by the and Ismail Khan returned to power see . In 2004 Mirwais Sadeq Khan who was Aviation Minister of Afghanistan and the son of Ismail Khan was ambushed and killed in Herat . 	0
13000041002863	He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . 	He was by all accounts a shrewd and charming leader . Many problems demanded his attention consolidating his power in the areas under his command controlling his half_brothers who ruled the southern areas of Afghanistan defeating Mahmud in Herat and repulsing the encroachment of the Sikhs on the Pashtun areas east of the Khyber Pass . 	0
13010041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	In the first decades of the nineteenth century it became clear to the British that the major threat to their interests in India would not come from the fragmented Afghan empire the vitiated Persians or from the French but from the Russians who had begun a steady advance southward from the Caucasus . As in earlier times two great empires confronted each other with Central Asia lying between them . The Russians feared permanent British encroachment into Central Asia as the British moved northward taking control of the Punjab Sind and Kashmir . Equally suspicious the British viewed Russian absorption of the Caucasus and Georgia Kirghiz and Turkmen lands and Khiva and Bukhara as a threat to British interest in the Indian subcontinent see fig 3 . Background to the First Anglo_Afghan War . Historians are unanimous in condemning the stupidity of Auckland is policies which led to the British invasion of Afghanistan in 1838 . 	0
13020041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	In small arms the British infantry regiments had significant superiority over Afghan foot soldiers since the British soldiers were armed with Martini_Henry and Snider breech_loading rifles . The 66th was armed with the Martini_Henry rifle the British native infantry had the older Snider rifles the cavalry had the Snider carbine . The Martini_Henry rifle was a real technological edge for the British force . With a maximum effective range of 400 yards this . 45_caliber weapon could fire 15 to 20 rounds per minute . The Snider was a pattern 1853 rifled musket that had been converted to breech_loading and could fire 10 to 15 . 	0
13030010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	Multicultural education programs that help youths learn to value and celebrate diversity and engage in social action to institutionalize these values have the potential to help society live up to both the letter and spirit of its democratic ideals . The widely held assumption held in the United States that American society should be a homogenized melting pot has destructive results . 	0
13040041002863	Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . 	The Ghilzai Pashtuns had risen in rebellion against Iranian rule early in the eighteenth century but they had been subdued and relocated by Nadir Shah . Although tribal independence would remain a threat to rulers of Afghanistan the Abdali Pashtun established political dominance starting in the middle of the eighteenth century with the rise of Ahmad Shah . 	0
13050010800257	It is difficult to indicate in short what constitutes a national cultural norm . Cultural diversity deals with how to manage those varying cultural norms within a single nation . Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
13060017300189	What do Spay and Neuter Really Mean . Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Is it bedlam or reasonable for the number of different animals there . Do you have local recommendations from friends . Does the vet specialize in small animals as opposed to say livestock . Try to get word_of_mouth recommendations . A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . 	0
13070010800257	Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . Thomas indicated that diversity management must not be viewed as an us them kind of problem to be solved but as a resource to be managed . Beyond Race and Gender . 	Cultural diversity is a normative description of U_S_ society . Multicultural education is compatible with U_S_ democratic ideals and is complementary to quality education . Because most people in the U_S_ live in ethnic and cultural enclaves they have only tangential interactions with and superficial knowledge of people who are culturally different from themselves . Ethnicity culture and humanness are inextricably linked and interrelated . No one model for being American or human is equally applicable to everyone . 	0
13080017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	A better term is probably Ignorant or Careless breeders . By whatever name they are not a good source . If you must try these check the health of the puppies carefully . As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . 	0
13090108500217	The ADEA differs from the Civil Rights Act in that the ADEA applies to employers of 20 or more employees see rather than 15 or more employees thus providing less protection . 	People often have a knee_jerk reaction that public money should not be spent on this said Shannon Minter a board member of the Transgender Law and Policy Institute . If people are not treated they suffer tremendously said Minter . It is just as cruel to withhold treatment for gender identity disorder as it is to withhold treatment for any other medical issue . August 19 2006 Boston MA . USA today story here . Male Scientist Writes of Life as Female Scientist Biologist Who Underwent Sex Change Describes Biases Against Women . 	0
13100085601388	The largest structure ever made from adobe bricks was the which suffered serious damage up to 80 by an earthquake on . Other large adobe structures are the in with 100 million signed bricks the ciudellas of and both in Peru . 	Or as Daniel Camacho one of the first Mexican homeowners and builders to apprentice with Swan puts it even wasps know how to build these structures no pun intended . Swan is building process not only embodies the principles underlying organic forms in nature but it also incorporates her talented assistants decorative details local color on exterior walls and certain structural adaptations . 	0
13110133302696	The and operated these aircraft the latter under the type name Argonaut . DC4M North Star Canadair North StarDC_4MC_4C_5 Rolls_Royce Merlin Royal Canadian Air Force Trans_Canada Air Lines Canadian Pacific Air Lines BOAC Starting in 1959 21 DC_4s and C_54s found new life as ATL_98 Carvairs . The Carvair was designed to carry 22 passengers and 5 automobiles . This was accomplished by extending the fuselage moving the cockpit above the fuselage adding a side_opening nose and enlarging the to offset the larger forward fuselage . These planes served as flying ferries well into the seventies and two are still airworthy as of March 2008 one each in and South Africa . 	In 1953 Hughes launched the in formed with the express goal of basic including trying to understand in Hughes words the genesis of life itself . Hughes first will that he signed in 1925 at the age of 19 stipulated that a portion of his estate should be used to create a medical institute bearing his name . Hughes gave all his stock in the Hughes Aircraft Company to the institute thereby turning the aerospace and defense contractor into a tax_exempt charity . The Howard Hughes Medical Institute is new board of trustees sold Hughes Aircraft in 1985 to General Motors for US 5_2 billion allowing the institute to grow dramatically . Howard Hughes Medical Institute Maryland biomedical research 20 . 	0
13120083102546	Archytas was born in now and was the son of Mnesagoras or Histiaeus . For a while he was taught by and was a teacher of mathematics to . Archytas and Eudoxus student was . Tarentum Magna Graecia Italy Ph_lolaus Eudoxus of Cnidus Menaechmus . Archytas . Archytas is believed to be the founder of mathematical . 	One of his important contributions was the theory of substitutions permutation group theory . Cauchy is research also included convergence of infinite series differential equations determinants and probability . He invented the calculus of residues . Although he was one of the first great mathematicians to focus on abstract mathematics another was Euler he also made important contributions to mathematical physics e_g_ the theory of elasticity . He was the first to prove Fermat is conjecture that every positive integer can be expressed as the sum of k k_gon numbers for any k and also refined Euler is results in discrete topology . 	0
13130011900139	The Illuminati are not the only race that have used Earth and humanity as a source of chi or energy . 9500 years ago a family from the Pleiades known as the Anunaki came to Earth . The Anunaki are also known as the Creator Gods written about in the Old Testament and are also related to the Greek and Roman Gods . 	For example Grenvillian Orogeny is used to refer to the period of orogenesis in many parts of the world approximately one billion years ago synchronous with the collision between Laurentia and Baltica in the Grenville Province of . Areas in which mountain building have occurred in the past although no mountains may remain today are called orogens or orogenic belts_ mountain chains orosgeneia North America . 	0
13140041002863	Large parts of the country are dry and fresh water supplies are limited . The is one of the driest regions in the world . Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	Historians are unanimous in condemning the stupidity of Auckland is policies which led to the British invasion of Afghanistan in 1838 . The governor general sent to Kabul a young official of the East India Company Alexander Burnes without investing him with appropriate negotiating powers and without heeding the sensible advice that Burnes sent back . 	0
13150135602603	The first is heating in which sound gravitational and magnetohydrodynamic waves are produced by turbulence in the convection zone . These waves travel upward and dissipate in the corona depositing their energy in the ambient gas in the form of heat . 	Listen as students give their ideas and share experiment facts to answer the questions . Look for evidence that they understand that the earth is surfaces absorb or take in heat energy from the sun and that different surfaces absorb different amounts of heat . 	0
13160179400753	In one sequence Wynn and Rains are in a room and Jax activates traps in all surrounding rooms so they cannot escape . He then begins to activate the trap in the room they are in but is stopped_all . The question of what happens to the remains of the Cube is victims is also answered in Cube Zero . 	Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . Places to Visit . 	0
13170017300189	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	When dogs are bred they mate over a period of several days and it is possible for some of the puppies to be concieved on the first mating and others on subsequent matings . Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . 	0
13180011900139	Nibiru in Astrological terms rules the Unconscious and it is within Nibiru is Akashic records that the records of the unconscious plane of reality are stored . As Nibiru pulled far enough away from our Solar System the Unconscious ceased to have an influence over humanity . The Unconscious is a parallel plane of reality in which the exact polar opposite experience to that which is physically manifested is simultaneously recorded . 	In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . 	0
13190011901971	Nibiru in Astrological terms rules the Unconscious and it is within Nibiru is Akashic records that the records of the unconscious plane of reality are stored . As Nibiru pulled far enough away from our Solar System the Unconscious ceased to have an influence over humanity . 	Seismologists at Harvard University and Columbia University have found an unexpected offshoot of global warming glacial earthquakes in which Manhattan_sized glaciers lurch unexpectedly yielding temblors up to magnitude 5_1 on the moment_magnitude scale which is similar to the Richter scale . Glacial earthquakes in Greenland the researchers found are most common in July and August and have more than doubled in number since 2002 . 	0
13200010800257	Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	These feelings of personal affirmation and comfort create the backdrop of personal connectedness that is essential to students taking ownership in learning which in turn leads to more sustained attention effort time on task and improved task mastery and academic achievement . 	0
13210179400130	Some of the rooms have various traps including sharp wires flames blades and chemicals . The characters test each room for traps by a method known as booting which involves throwing a boot into a trapped room in an attempt to activate any traps_Cube Zero prequel . 	Nyco specializes in the development manufacturing and sales of aviation lubricants military lubricants automative esters and industrial synthetic lubricants . Oil Center Research Inc . manufacturer of industrial products including lubricants cleaners degreasers coatings greases compounds oils and sealants . Maker of Liquid_O_Ring products . Pacer Lubricants manufacturers of synthetic and conventional lubricants coolants and cutting oils for industrial and commercial needs . 	0
13220179400753	Some of the rooms have various traps including sharp wires flames blades and chemicals . The characters test each room for traps by a method known as booting which involves throwing a boot into a trapped room in an attempt to activate any traps_Cube Zero prequel . 	Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . 	0
13230017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . 	0
13240017302438	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . 	0
13250010800257	Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . Diversity can indicate differences in thought processing or personality . 	Psychological security and a positive feeling of selfworth are prerequisites for the more abstract need to know and learn . 	0
13260017300189	Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	There are pros and cons to either sex all of which are generalities and may or may not apply to a specific dog . 	0
13270179400912	However soldiers searching for them have already arrived these are referred to as Squad in the movie identified by a tattoo on their forehead that resembles the Izon logo . 	Fans and pumps turn at the minimum speed . High_efficiency motors exceed the efficiency mandated by codes and standards . Steam System Maintenance Program minimizes heat loss . New high_efficiency fluorescent lights and ballast systems are tied to motion_detectors and timers ensuring that lights are on only when needed . Boilers have precision controls for maximum fuel efficiency . 	0
13280139403056	However electric heaters tend to be slightly more efficient with recovery efficiency how efficient energy is transferred to the water reaching about 98 . Gas fired heaters have maximum recovery efficiencies of only about 86 the remaining heat is lost with the flue gasses . Overall energy factors can be as low as 80 for electric and 50 for gas systems . 	Hot water heaters that store water raise and maintain the water temperature to the temperature setting on the tank usually between 120° and 140°F . Demand tankless water heaters are what the majority of folks use in the rest of the world . They began appearing in the United States about 25 years ago . Unlike conventional tank water heaters tankless water heaters heat water only as it is used or on demand . A tankless unit has a heating device that is activated by the flow of water when a hot water valve is opened . 	0
13290017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . 	It is practically impossible to parent a child from infancy to adolescence without encountering a situation be it minor or major that requires medical attention either at home or by a health care professional . But we have taken the guesswork out of what to do in some common scenarios . 	0
13300179400753	He confirms by the smell and taste that it is only water and finds some relief in his tension however when he rubs the back of his palm he realizes that his body is disintegrating . 	Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . Places to Visit . Gammelstaden Meythet Hartzviller Livry_Gargan . Post N25995 . 	0
13310099002951	While there remains some scientific controversy on this assessment for EGFR expression is required for use in Colorectal Cancer but not in Head Neck Cancer . 	The new formulation of the law was so broad that federal courts across the country created a defense to Section 1001 known as the exculpatory no doctrine . It meant that a person could not be convicted under Section 1001 for simply denying wrongdoing during a federal criminal investigation . 	0
13320017300189	Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . 	You might have some scuffles to establish a hierarchy keep an eye on it but do not forbid it unless things get out of hand . If one dog reacts very poorly to the other you will have to separate them for a while and work on introducing them slowly . You may have to keep them separate when you are gone . 	0
13330041000658	History . Main article . History of Afghanistan . 	6 . Brian Robson London . Arms and Armour Press 1986 224_The Road to Kabul . The Second Afghan War 1878_1881 7 . Maxwell 78_83 . 8 . Robson 228 . There were actually 30 guns_The Road to Kabul 9 . The Kabuli Herati and Kandahari regiments were named after the cities in which they were originally raisedabul Herat and Kandahar . Over time their ranks were filled with recruits from all over Afghanistan but the regiments retained these designations . 10 . Maxwell 98 London 1908 696_The Second Afghan War 1878_1880 Official Account 11 . 	0
13340088300959	July 11 series of coordinated bomb attacks commuter trains Mumbai India troops invade in response to kidnapping two Israeli soldiers and killing 3 . 	Will the help them overcome the unjust and unequal distribution of Nile water resources? 8 9 Nile Basin Initiative 10 edit Other issues in hydropolitics edit Pollution of the Nile River . 	0
13350041002863	He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	He was a direct descendant of Sado eponym of the Sadozai he was unquestionably a charismatic leader and seasoned warrior who had at his disposal a trained mobile force of several thousand cavalrymen and he had part of Nadir Shah is treasury in his possession . In addition the other chiefs may have preferred someone from a small tribe who would always need the support of the larger groups to rule effectively . One of Ahmad is first acts as chief was to adopt the title Durr_i_Durran meaning pearl of pearls or pearl of the age whether because of a dream or because of the pearl earrings worn by the royal guard of Nadir Shah . 	0
13360041000658	He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	After Maiwand Ayub is force laid siege to Kandahar and was eventually defeated by a British relief force from Kabul . However the British realized there was no military solution for their political objectives in Afghanistan . Shortly after the victory the British army withdrew from Afghanistan into British India . 	0
13370041002863	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . 	Having started his rule as merely the paramount chief of the Durrani Ahmad Shah never sought to rule the Pashtuns by force . He reigned in consultation with a council of eight or nine sirdars or sardars the most powerful Durrani Pashtuns each of whom was responsible for his own group . He sought the advice of his council on all major issues . Although he favored the Durrani and especially his own lineage the Sadozai he was conciliatory to the other Pashtun chiefs as well . 	0
13380041000658	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . 	After Maiwand Ayub is force laid siege to Kandahar and was eventually defeated by a British relief force from Kabul . However the British realized there was no military solution for their political objectives in Afghanistan . Shortly after the victory the British army withdrew from Afghanistan into British India . 	0
13390041002863	Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . On the other hand native entities have invaded surrounding regions in and to form empires of their own . 	Abroad Shah had involved his heir in a number of dynastic marriages and when Timor died suddenly in 1793 he left 36 legitimate children of whom over 20 were sons . He had failed to designate an heir and all his sons claimed the throne . 	0
13400041000658	Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . On the other hand native entities have invaded surrounding regions in and to form empires of their own . 	John failed to determine their enemy is whereabouts . In fact the advance guard of the Afghan army arrived in Garmab on 25 July while a number of its forward elements and a group of reached Maiwand the same day . The following day Ayub Khan arrived in Sang Bur just after the British patrol left the place . 	0
13410041000658	Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	Primrose was stationed in Kandahar along with an Afghan army commanded by its governor . Herat province was governed by Ayub Khan son of the late emir who was out of British reach and influence . The British prepared to leave_2 . 	0
13420041002863	Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	Sind was virtually independent by 1786 much of northern Afghanistan was controlled by semi_independent khans by 1800 Baluchistan virtually independent by the 1790s was annexed by the Sikhs in 1818 and the nominal control of the Punjab was lost to the Sikhs in 1818 and Kashmir to them the following year . 	0
13430041002863	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . 	Mahmud and his followers took refuge in Herat . For eight years from 1818 until the ascendancy of Dost Mohammad in 1826 chaos reigned in the domains of Ahmad Shah is Afghanistan while various sons of Painda Khan struggled among themselves for supremacy . Afghanistan ceased to exist as a single nation disintegrating temporarily into a group of small units each ruled by a different Durrani leader . 	0
13440041000658	By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . 	The Afghan army was an odd assortment of fighters with differing levels of training armament and organization . They were united only by common purpose . However there was no guarantee that the army would stay together for long since in the absence of a viable logistic support system most of the combatants were fending for themselves . 	0
13450041002863	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . 	In July 1838 an agreement was signed by Auckland Ranjit Singly and Shuja . By the agreement is provisions Shuja would regain control of Kabul and Qandahar with British and Sikh assistance Herat would remain independent and Shuja would accept Sikh rule of the former Afghan provinces that Ranjit Singh already controlled . In practice the plan was to replace Dust Mohammad with a British protege whose autonomy would be as limited as that of the various princes in British India . 	0
13460041000658	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . 	The commander also discounted accurate intelligence reports_Timely tactical and operational intelligence is a constant problem . The British force was crippled by the lack of water . Even if sufficient water was available in the trains resupply from the trains to the forward elements remained a problem . 	0
13470041002863	On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . 	In 1749 the Mughal ruler to save his capital from Afghan attack ceded to Ahmad Shah sovereignty over Sind province and over the areas of northern India west of the Indus . He returned to his headquarters in Qandahar to put down one of an endless series of tribal uprisings and then set out westward to take Herat which was ruled by Nadir Shah is grandson Shah Rukh . 	0
13480010803142	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . 	0
13490041002863	In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	In addition to the general rivalry that existed between Russia and Britain there were two specific reasons for British concern over Russia is intentions . First was the Russian influence at the Iranian court which culminated in Russian support for the Iranian attempt to take Herat historically the western gateway to Afghanistan and northern India . Herat was still formally ruled by the deposed Sadozai Kamran . In 1837 the Iranians advanced on Herat with the support and advice of Russian officers . 	0
13500041000658	In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	The British quickly declared war invaded Afghanistan and occupied the key cities of Kabul Kandahar Jalalabad and Khost . The emir put his son on the throne and fled northainly seeking Russian aid . He died soon after in Mazir_e_Sharif Afghanistan . After his son Yakub Khan failed as interregnum emir his British_backed neph_ew Abdur Rahaman Khan eventually succeeded him . Britain controlled Afghanistan is foreign policy with British troops stationed in Kabul and Kandahar . 	0
13510010803142	San Francisco . Berrett_Koehler Publishers 1993_Cultural Diversity in Organizations . Faird Elashmawia and Ph_lip Harris . Houston TX . 	Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . 	0
13520174201455	It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . 	Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . 	0
13530041000658	Large parts of the country are dry and fresh water supplies are limited . The is one of the driest regions in the world . Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	The British force was to join a larger Afghan army led by Sher Ali Khan the Kandahar governor . The Afghan army had more than 6 000 soldiers armed with British Snider rifles four 6_pounder British smoothbore cannon and two 12_pounder British smoothbore howitzers_British intelligence calculated the opposing force of Ayub Khan at 10 infantry regiments 2 500 cavalry and six batteries of guns 000 to 8 000 men in all_56 . On To Battle . The British brigade had orders not to cross the Helmand River but Sher Ali is Afghan army from Kandahar was already across . 	0
13540041002863	Large parts of the country are dry and fresh water supplies are limited . The is one of the driest regions in the world . Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	Ahmad Shah is Indian domains refused to pay homage and other regions simply declared their independence . The amir ruler of Bukhara claimed some of the northern provinces and Ahmad Shah reached an agreement with him to accept the Amu Darya as the border between them . Three years before his death Ahmad Shah had to put down a revolt in Khorasan . 	0
13550133302696	The other Skymaster is ZS_AUA Tafelberg which is also operated by Skyclass Aviation but is leased from the . 1 Rand Airport Johannesburg South Africa South African Airways South African Airways Museum Society 1 Skyclass Aviation 2 Dutch Dakota Association edit Production . The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . 	Shortly before the was harmed by revelations of a US 205 000 loan from Hughes to Nixon is brother . 1960 Presidential election Richard Nixon Donald . In late 1971 Donald Nixon was collecting intelligence for his brother in preparation for the upcoming presidential election . One of Donald is sources was a former business adviser of Hughes who had also worked with Democratic National Chairman . John H_ Meier 21 Larry O Brien . However Meier conspired with former Vice President of the United States and others to feed misinformation to the Nixon campaign . 	0
13560010803142	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . 	LINC Meeting with Marc Bamuthi Joseph Internationally renowned spoken word artist Marc Bamuthi Joseph is part of an emerging class of who combine a variety of art forms in their work . He has been a featured artist on Russell Simmons Def PoetryJam on HBO and is a National Poetry Slam champion Broadway veteran and inaugural recipient of the United States Artists Rockefeller Fellowship . 	0
13570010800257	Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . Differing group affiliations that are likely to affect the generally involve cultural or identity groups based on ethnicity national origin race and religion_Cultural Diversity in Organizations workforce . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . 	0
13580017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . 	0
13590017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Where Do I NOT Get One . Backyard breeders . It is not impossible that you will find a conscientious breeder through the newspaper . Just check them carefully when you go and visit them like you would any other breeder . 	0
13600041002863	The is one of the driest regions in the world . Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . 	By 1818 the Sadozai rulers who succeeded Abroad Shah controlled little more than Kabul and the territory within a 160kilometer radius . They not only lost the outlying territories but also alienated the other tribes and lineage groups among the Durrani Pashtuns . 	0
13610010800257	Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . Thomas indicated that diversity management must not be viewed as an us them kind of problem to be solved but as a resource to be managed . Beyond Race and Gender . 	They must then develop a variety of means to accomplish common learning outcomes that reflect the preferences and styles of a wide variety of groups and individuals . By giving all students more choices about how they will learn choices that are compatible with their cultural styles none will be unduly advantaged or disadvantaged at the procedural levels of learning . 	0
13620011900139	We are creation number 143 to be exact . Our creation is currently embodied by a Creator Logos known as Lord and Lady Athena . Please note that as of January 1 1998 the feminine half of the Creator Lady Athena returned to embrace all 144 dimensions along with her masculine counterpart . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
13630010800257	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . Furthermore knowledge about ethnic pluralism is a necessary foundation for respecting appreciating valuing and celebrating diversity both nationally and internationally . 	0
13640010803142	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . 	Eiko Koma and Pianist Margaret Leng Tan . Mourning . Sunday August 31st 8pm on the QuadA small village in Burkina Faso is devastated by the sudden death of many of its children . The village elders conduct a search to find out the person responsible for all deaths . 	0
13650041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	When the British finally massed operationally by moving General Roberts division from Kabul to Kandahar on 2 September they defeated Ayub . This could have been done without sacrificing Burrows brigade in late July . The battle was decided by maneuver key factor for winning a meeting battle . When the opposing sides met at Maiwand neither side had an appreciable terrain advantage . However the Afghan forces successfully exploited British lack of mobility to threaten Burrows brigade is open flanks . 	0
13660041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	The tribes of the other chiefs who had been executed by Zeman joined the rebels and they took Qandahar without bloodshed . The shah was blinded and imprisoned but he escaped to spend the rest of his life as a pensioner of the British in India . The overthrow of Zeman in 1800 was not the end of civil strife in Afghanistan it was the beginning of even greater violence . 	0
13670017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . 	0
13680011900139	The Illuminati is karma with the human form goes back over 50 000 years ago and originated with the Sirian race . The Sirians who are a fifth dimensional humanoid race made agreements to support the Illuminati is longevity when both races were in third dimensional form . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
13690179401553	It is revealed that rooms can be trap rooms . In one sequence Wynn and Rains are in a room and Jax activates traps in all surrounding rooms so they cannot escape . He then begins to activate the trap in the room they are in but is stopped_all . The question of what happens to the remains of the Cube is victims is also answered in Cube Zero . The Cube is swept thermally a clean sweep when the cube resets removing all matter both the remains of victims and also survivors that have not found a way out . 	 Plating Gateway Also see . Cleaning Solutions Deoxidants Anti_Tarnish Paper Shields . Liquid Powder Colorants and Oxidizers All Jax metal finishing solutions are easy to use produce authentic consistent results require no heat or electricity are water based contain no sulfur are non_flammable and react within seconds . Jax Master Metal Finishing SolutionsAlmost all Jax solutions are corrosive and therefore require that you wear rubber gloves when using cannot be shipped by air and have a shipping charge . Hazmat items are not returnable_ hazmat . 	0
13700179402208	It is revealed that rooms can be trap rooms . In one sequence Wynn and Rains are in a room and Jax activates traps in all surrounding rooms so they cannot escape . He then begins to activate the trap in the room they are in but is stopped_all . The question of what happens to the remains of the Cube is victims is also answered in Cube Zero . The Cube is swept thermally a clean sweep when the cube resets removing all matter both the remains of victims and also survivors that have not found a way out . 	This is called cohesion . Water molecules also can be attracted to other substances such as metal or dirt especially if they have some static charge on them . This is called adhesion . Lastly some substances are not at all attracted to water and even repel it . 	0
13710179403145	It is revealed that rooms can be trap rooms . 	It is not like paint!! Consistency can be achieved with some practice and by using the same technique on the same material . One of the real joys of patination however is the variability in the final product . Naturally oxidized items weather vanes copper roofs door knobs etc etc_ are prized for their variagated finish and individually unique look . 	0
13720011900139	There are 144 Oval One is or Godheads each embracing 360 dimensions filled with life . 	In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . The former oceanic material collectively called an ophiolite marks the suture between the two plates . Ophiolitic rocks may be overthrust by continental crust of the colliding plate . 	0
13730090000141	The band that Harold is describing includes 76 110 over a thousand reeds and fifty mounted cannon actually quite popular in bands of the time if such a band actually existed it would be at least a tenth of a mile long_ marching band trombone trombones cornets . 	Converse of object On the left of the stage are the French horns and on the right and finally tubas_ trumpet trumpets trombones I have on a couple of things_ play played alto trombone . Adjective modifier It is like Oh tomorrow bring your _ contrabass contrabass trombone We would also like to send our best wishes to Andy White our _ principal principal trombone 2nd . 	0
13740090002478	The band that Harold is describing includes 76 110 over a thousand reeds and fifty mounted cannon actually quite popular in bands of the time if such a band actually existed it would be at least a tenth of a mile long_ marching band trombone trombones cornets . 	I would like to invite you to bring your horn and while here stop by Local 7 at 2050 S_ Main St_ in Santa Ana on Saturday morning . We would love to welcome you to our rehearsal . If any of you have any specific questions about us send us an . 	0
13750090000347	In Willson is hometown of they honor this song and the rest of in a building called Music Man Square located next to Willson is boyhood home . In one room they have 76 donated trombones hanging from the ceiling . Mason City Iowa The Music Man edit Trivia . In Chile the instrumental march version of this song was used as a theme song for the radio news Show La Revista de Portales  . 	As with other German and Austrian brass instruments rotary valves are used to the exclusion of almost all other types of valve even in valve trombones . Other features often found on German trombones include long and snake decorations on the slide and bell U_bows_Konzertposaune water keys . Most trombones actually played in Germany today especially by amateurs are in fact built in the American fashion as those are much more widely available and thus far cheaper . 	0
13760017300189	Spay surgery also eliminates the heat cycle and associated mood swings and undesirable behaviors messy spotting in dogs and the attraction of all available males to your yard . The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . 	As with any other such weapon use it ignorantly or indiscriminately at your peril . Books . One word of warning on breed specific books . In general avoid the TFH KW series readily available in most pet stores . These are small books about 150 pages . Most of them recommend pet stores as a source for puppies blithely talk of the joys of breeding and contain very little actual breed_specific information . 	0
13770110402609	In 1627 two of his ships wrecked on the island in a storm . He probably intended to go there to buy secretely and trade privately . He was suspended and declared unsuitable for other similar offices and retired in a country house at Lisse what is now Kasteel . 	He holds a degree in architecture from the School of Architecture and Urban Planning at the University of Buenos Aires where he is currently a professor . He is a partner at the firm Arquitectos . 	0
13780139400156	In certain parts of South America as well as Costa Rica and Puerto Rico a point of use style water heater commonly referred to as the Electric Shower Head is used in many residential and some commercial installations . 	Gas central heating and boiler installation service and repair is a fundamental part of modern living and yet there are only a few companies out there actually offering their customers good service . 	0
13790010800257	Thus speaking Portuguese is culturally unusual or different in the United States but culturally expected in Brazil and vice versa . The use of Portuguese or English in a U_S . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
13800010801758	Thus speaking Portuguese is culturally unusual or different in the United States but culturally expected in Brazil and vice versa . The use of Portuguese or English in a U_S . 	My father is an educated Cambodian who ironically in Cambodia was targeted for death but whose education in Thailand was the key to our survival . His ability to speak Cambodian English and French brought him a chance to work as a translator in the food distribution area at the refugee camp which meant we would never starve . 	0
13810079902118	So although your overall intake over the day is important what is more important is how you schedule and spread out intake_It is vitally important to eat proteins with your carbohydrates . 	 Health Care For Diabetes . Continuing Education and Research for Better Options . 	0
13820017300189	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . 	Wilcox Bonnie and Chris Walkowicz TFH Publications . 5th ed 1994 Network for Ani_Males and Females 18707 Curry Powder Lane Germantown MD 20874 301_428_3675 . 	0
13830090000954	The love ballad Goodnight My Someone which immediately precedes Seventy Six Trombones in the musical has the exact same tune but is in with a much slower . 3 4 meter tempo . In Willson is hometown of they honor this song and the rest of in a building called Music Man Square located next to Willson is boyhood home . 	The difference between the two is not a matter of the number of valves or of where the bell is pointing . Where a distinction between the two instruments is recognized the important difference between the baritone and the euphonium is the . The euphonium has a much wider more bore which gives it a much mellower richer which some composers prefer for solo work . 	0
13840017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	Instead there is a large amount of general information repeated from book to book and what amounts to advertising for a number of brands of dog products . Leaf through the book carefully before deciding or not to buy it . 	0
13850017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	Put the dog in its own room where the original pet can smell it but not see it . After a day or so of this remove the dog from the room and let the original pet smell and explore the room thoroughly . 	0
13860017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . 	0
13870083102546	The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . 	He was also an astronomer and wrote a comprehensive textbook on planetary motions that would not be equalled in Europe for many centuries . In algebra he solved various equations including 2nd_order Diophantine quartic Brouncker is and Pell is equations some of his solutions were superior to those discovered in 17th century Europe . 	0
13880041002863	During the first century the subjugated Afghanistan but lost it to their vassals . 	Auckland ignored not only the advice of Burnes but also that of other advisers on his staff and the First Anglo_Afghan War unlike most other military adventures of imperial Britain in the nineteenth century was unpopular with many journalists and prominent officials in London . In addition to the general rivalry that existed between Russia and Britain there were two specific reasons for British concern over Russia is intentions . 	0
13890010800257	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . 	Another indication of this social deficiency is the persistence of stereotypic attitudes toward ethnic groups . In a recent study of ethnic images Smith 1990 reports that negative perceptions of groups of color especially AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are common in contemporary society . 	0
13900079902118	The research quality in this area is definitely lacking_somesomesomewhatsomewithout any study of the procedure is long_term safety for baby or mother . 	The ADA also sponsors regular scientific sessions and advanced postgraduate courses . The annual scientific sessions are offered to diabetes community members to take active part in what is considered as the largest diabetes clinical and research meeting in the world . 	0
13910090001731	Reeves Professor Harold Hill uses the song to help the townspeople of the fictional River City Iowa visualize their children playing in an enormous . An average_sized high_school marching band might have 10 musicians playing the and a large university band seldom has more than 30 . 	When Trombones Fly . Recently I embarked on a trip and a surprisingly annoying project transporting a trombone across state lines with the help of commercial aviation . To check or not to check . That was the question . Would the overhead compartments really fit my trombone despite the fact that the case was larger than the officially stated limit of 45 linear inches . 	0
13920017300189	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Check for some basic health problems a litter that was larger than the breed average may mean that the puppies are smaller and not as healthy a small litter might indicate trouble during pregnancy . A litter of size one or two means that the puppies are getting little or no socialization with littermates regardless of health . 	0
13930017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
13940017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . As a member of the Army Medical Department you are expected to know how to perform basic lifesaving procedures in an emergency . 	0
13950090000347	In Willson is hometown of they honor this song and the rest of in a building called Music Man Square located next to Willson is boyhood home . 	Examples of this practice are evident in scores by . Trombone parts may contain both bass and tenor clef or bass and alto clef sections . The lowest note that a trombone can theoretically play is a low B that is below the staff in the tuba range_ bass clef tenor clef alto clef Robert Schumann Igor Stravinsky Sergei Prokofiev Dmitri Shostakovich . 	0
13960119600582	They had to endure poverty and squalor in the slums of Manchester_Frances Eliza Hodgson Cheetham Hill Manchester England Victorian . 	India cholera Yorkshire Note . Throughout the show these and other songs are sung by a chorus of referred to in the as dreamers who serve as narrators and for the action_ ghosts libretto Greek chorus . 	0
13970017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . 	0
13980090002226	In Willson is hometown of they honor this song and the rest of in a building called Music Man Square located next to Willson is boyhood home . 	If you are puffing your cheeks take your hand and literally hold your checks in until your muscles are strong enough to do it on its own . Your goal is to obtain this Super Fast Air Stream INSTANTLY . It is the air speed combined with lip and tongue position that will give you success in the upper register . 	0
13990083102546	The which he used in his solution of the doubling the cube problem is named after him . Eutocius doubling the cube 8 Hippocrates of Chios proportionals Euclid Elements cube root Diogenes Laertius 9 Archytas curve . Politically and militarily Archytas appears to have been the dominant figure in Tarentum in his generation somewhat comparable to in a half_century earlier . 	Others might place Laplace higher on the List but he proved no fundamental theorems of mathematics though his partial differential equation for fluid dynamics is one of the most famous in physics founded no major branch of pure mathematics and was not particularly concerned with rigorous proof . 	0
14000181600822	In others the plate is is a displayed from the inside of the . The color of plate stickers and windshield decals often change annually to allow for easier detection by police_ validation decal windshield . 	Expands the sales and use tax exemption for property purchased by churches to i property used in caring for or maintaining property owned by the church including but not limited to mowing equipment and ii building materials installed by the church and for which the church does not contract with a person or entity to have installed . 	0
14010090000347	The love ballad Goodnight My Someone which immediately precedes Seventy Six Trombones in the musical has the exact same tune but is in with a much slower . 	In the lower range significant movement of the slide is required between positions which becomes more exaggerated on lower pitched trombones but for higher notes the player need only use the first four positions of the slide since the partials are closer together allowing higher notes to be played in alternate positions . 	0
14020010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
14030017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . 	0
14040181600822	The appearances of plates are frequently chosen to contain symbols colours or slogans associated with the issuing . The term is frequently used in although in some areas is informally used . 	Extends from three years to six years the period in which the Department of Taxation may assess income tax for any tax return filed based in whole or in part on an abusive tax avoidance transaction . An abusive tax avoidance transaction means a transaction that has been identified by the Tax Commissioner as such a transaction and that has been published by the Tax Commissioner . 	0
14050090000954	In Willson is hometown of they honor this song and the rest of in a building called Music Man Square located next to Willson is boyhood home . In one room they have 76 donated trombones hanging from the ceiling . 	These instruments have about the same as trombones but a mellower . Like most lower brass they are not as agile at fast notes as trumpets and woodwinds but they can generally play extended passages of quick notes more easily than a trombone or tuba . 	0
14060017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . 	0
14070083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . 	No one person gets unique credit for the invention of the decimal system but Brahmagupta is textbook was most influential and is sometimes considered the first textbook to treat zero as a number in its own right . It also treated negative numbers . 	0
14080017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Most of them recommend pet stores as a source for puppies blithely talk of the joys of breeding and contain very little actual breed_specific information . Instead there is a large amount of general information repeated from book to book and what amounts to advertising for a number of brands of dog products . 	0
14090017302438	In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . 	This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . An is available for this document . 	0
14100181602057	The sticker is usually placed on one corner of the plate while the month of the year in which the plate would expire is printed in an opposing corner . 	When driving under a DUI suspension or driving under suspension without insurance proof of financial responsibility the court is authorized to order vehicle immobilization and impoundment of the license plates at the time of sentencing . The penalties for such conduct based on convictions within a five_year period are . 	0
14110017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
14120174200884	The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . I m very impressed with the Ritz_Carlton training . Every hotel employee carries the Ritz_Carlton credo with them at all times a reminder of the company is focus on quality service . With no pockets Running kept hers in her shoe . 	0
14130017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . Dogs acquired for this reason often wind up in the shelters when the parents find out that they are the dog is primary caretaker_You are still responsible for the dog when you get one for your kid . Find some good books and read up . Enroll in puppy and dog classes where you can learn much from the instructor attend them even before you get a dog or puppy for first hand knowledge of what you can expect . 	0
14140174200884	I spent several hours with Mary Watson_Delauder the hotels sommelier . She also is a consultant for the management company that operates conference centers and spa resorts around the world . She was so desperate to learn about wine when she first started that she sold her blood every week to buy wine . 	Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . 	0
14150017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
14160010800257	To do otherwise would be to impose their own cultural values toward diversity on other societies . This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . Thus for example applying an American view of diversity management on one is subsidiary operations in Malaysia Canada Belgium or Japan is not substantially different from imposing one is values on other cultural groups in a domestic U_S_ business setting . 	Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . Unfortunately while educational policies programs and practices that systematically ignore these demographic realities are unethical immoral and reprehensible they are not technically illegal . If the principles of access and availability that are embedded in desegregation laws were extended to educational programs then failure to make the substance of curriculum and instruction culturally pluralistic would be illegal . 	0
14170017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . The musculoskeletal system is composed of osseous bone tissue and muscle tissue . 	0
14180017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . 	0
14190017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
14200017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	They should know . Actually this is the worksheet or poster reprint Stock #202_652 Form 934 that you can print out and keep inside your shelter area . It is VERY basic but does contain some good information . For those that do not subscribe to the FIGHTING CHANCE newsletter or have not purchased the Medical Preparation video tape by Dr_ Jane Orient president of Doctors for Disaster Preparedness here is a good little life saver that you might be interested in . 	0
14210017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	For those soldiers assigned to other parts of the world supplementary information will be provided by proper persons when an assignment is made . It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . 	0
14220017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	A responsible breeder will not be offended by such a step . If something goes wrong you have no legal recourse if there is nothing in writing verbal contract laws in some states to the contrary . If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . 	0
14230163201374	This is often done in the form of a _ pyramid scheme . Some ads claim to offer a device that makes passive sales calls and the employee will be paid a commission of the sales . Some ads offer legitimate forms of work that really do exist but exaggerate the salary the effort that will have to be put into the job or the amount of work that will be available . Many such ads do not even specify the type of work that will be performed . Some similar schemes do not advertise work that would be performed at home but may instead offer occasional sporadic work away from home for large payments paired with a lot of free time . Some common offers fitting this description are . 	Do you know of a great home party plan game that should be listed here . Send your tip along with your name and website address in an email to Stephanie_HomePartyPlanNetwork_com and we would be happy to add it here and give you credit for submitting it . I would like to start something new with our home party games page . I think it would be really helpful to others if we posted reviews of the different games listed . If you have tried one of the games listed above please let me know if you have any tips on how to use the game successfully at your home party or any other helpful information . 003_2008 HomePartyPlanNetwork_com All rights reserved . No portion of this site may be reproduced or redistributed in any form without prior written permission of HomePartyPlanNetwork_com . All key phrases on this site under copyright and trademark protection and may not be reproduced . All trademarks copyrights remain property of their respective owners . 	0
14240017300189	Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . He does not suffer any kind of emotional reaction or identity crisis when neutered_Fact . But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . 	0
14250103702613	OCD . Obsessive_compulsive disorder OCD is a type of . If you have OCD you have repeated upsetting thoughts called obsessions . 	If your counsellor is working as part of a GP practice confidentiality may apply to the practice as a whole rather than to the individual counsellors and this may mean that information is available to your GP . If this is the case they should make it clear to you at the start . Back to top . Can I have counselling over the phone . 	0
14260017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The purpose of this subcourse is to provide you with a working knowledge of the procedures discussed herein however you must receive guidance and hands_on supervision to become proficient at the procedures described . 	0
14270017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
14280010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . Thus in an international perspective managers must assess diversity differently depending on which nation or nations in which they find themselves . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
14290017300189	Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
14300017302438	Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Should you be faced with the situation where you are required to administer first aid then your training and the information provided in this book will enable you to cope effectively_ presents a list of 29 common first aid ailments which have been taken from Health at Home  Your Complete Guide to Symptoms Solutions Self_Care a book published by the . 	0
14310017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
14320163202293	Making phone calls . Online surveys . Sales of a product or service that is difficult or impossible to sell . This is often done in the form of a _ pyramid scheme . Some ads claim to offer a device that makes passive sales calls and the employee will be paid a commission of the sales . Some ads offer legitimate forms of work that really do exist but exaggerate the salary the effort that will have to be put into the job or the amount of work that will be available . Many such ads do not even specify the type of work that will be performed . Some similar schemes do not advertise work that would be performed at home but may instead offer occasional sporadic work away from home for large payments paired with a lot of free time . Some common offers fitting this description are . 	While you may find these ads appealing especially if you can not work outside your home proceed with caution . Not all work_at_home opportunities deliver on their promises . Many ads omit the fact that you may have to work many hours without pay . Or they do not disclose all the costs you will have to pay . Countless work_at_home schemes require you to spend your own money to place newspaper ads make photocopies or buy the envelopes paper stamps and other supplies or equipment you need to do the job . The companies sponsoring the ads also may demand that you pay for instructions or tutorial software . Consumers deceived by these ads have lost thousands of dollars in addition to their time and energy . 	0
14330017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
14340017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Do your best to achieve the objective of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform functions of your medical MOS . The sensory system by which we see smell taste and hear is often taken for granted until we lose one or more of these senses . From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . 	0
14350135602322	The magnetic polarity of the leading sunspot alternates every solar cycle so that it will be a north magnetic pole in one solar cycle and a south magnetic pole in the next_ solar cycle Sp rer is law . 	This was a radical departure from the thought processes of his era and it is a signal of the beginning of our modern scientific age_Johannes Kepler . In 1609 Kepler published his first and second laws of planetary motion The Law of Ellipses and The Equal_Areas Law . Ten years later he published a third law The Harmonic Law . He had succeeded in using a to create a simple elegant and accurate model to describe the motion of planets around the Sun scientific method . 	0
14360083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . 	He solved it in a few hours and published the answer anonymously . But on seeing the solution Johann Bernoulli immediately exclaimed I recognize the lion by his footprint_ brachistochrone . In 1687 Newton published surely the greatest scientific book ever written . The motion of the planets was not understood before Newton although the system allowed Kepler to describe the orbits . 	0
14370011900139	Their call for help was answered by an Order of beings from the 500th dimension known as the Order of Rize . 	In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . 	0
14380011900488	Their call for help was answered by an Order of beings from the 500th dimension known as the Order of Rize . 	He served as associate editor of the from 1992 to 1997 was chief editor from 1997 to 2002 and also edited two special issues . James P_ Evans Journal of Structural Geology is an associate professor in the Geosciences Department of the University of Arizona . 	0
14390135602788	Sunspots usually exist as pairs with opposite magnetic polarity . The magnetic polarity of the leading sunspot alternates every solar cycle so that it will be a north magnetic pole in one solar cycle and a south magnetic pole in the next_ solar cycle Sp rer is law . 	Return to . Is our solar system moving in orbit around another star . So far as we know the sun and our solar system are not in orbit around any star closer than a few light years . There are no objects large enough to provide the necessary gravitational field so that the speed of our sun would allow it to be in a bound orbit . 	0
14400011900139	By December of 1997 the Earth Mother had elevated high enough in vibration that it no longer became feasible to retain the vibration of the Greys on Earth and so they left . The Illuminati are a race that also exists elsewhere within our third dimensional universe . 	Extension in the middle to lower crust in a thrust_thickened orogen may result from convective removal or peeling away delamination of part of a lithospheric root . Extension may also be induced by gravitational instabilities within the lower crust . Where the thickened crustal root comprises buoyant material lateral and upward spreading of the lower crust root rebound results in horizontal flattening and formation of shallow extensional ductile . Late_to post_orogenic granitoids that intrude as large batholiths or as sheet_like bodies along older shear zones result from of the extended crust . 	0
14410010800257	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . Differing group affiliations that are likely to affect the generally involve cultural or identity groups based on ethnicity national origin race and religion_Cultural Diversity in Organizations workforce . 	Multicultural education should become a regular part of education in the United States for three major reasons the social realities of U_S_ society the influence of culture and ethnicity on human growth and development and the conditions of effective teaching and learning . These reasons explain not only the need for multicultural education but also what its content emphasis should be and how it should be taught . Each reason plays an important and unique role in establishing the justifications parameters and directions for multicultural education . Social Realities . The United States is extremely culturally pluralistic socially stratified and racially divided . Popular news magazines such as and often reiterate this fact . The April 9 1990 issue of examined the growing percentage of people of color in the U_S_ population . A November 1993 special edition of the same magazine explored the effects of immigration on the changing face of America . Diversity of race culture ethnicity social class religion language and national origin is a fundamental feature of interpersonal interactions and community structures_TimeU_S . News and World ReportTime . However in the more formal aspects of society such as institutional policies practices and power allocation Anglocentric and middleclass cultural values predominate . The organization and government of schools provides one illustration of this condition . Most school structures and procedures are grounded in mainstream cultural conceptions of law order reason and rationality . Another illustration of the predominance of Anglocentric middleclass culture is that the significant power positions in politics and economics tend to be held by people from this cultural background . A third illustration of this predominance is the extent to which intimate relationships are established along ethnic racial and social lines in the United States . 	0
14420017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	If you can go this is a golden opportunity to observe the structure and temperament of the dogs they breed . A responsible breeder should have some history of breeding animals . They may be breeding for show or field work or just plain good pets . They should be able to tell you about some of their previous puppies . They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . 	0
14430010800257	The term diversity refers to the way in which people differ from one another . Since such differences affect the way people interact in the workplace diversity management is a factor for most organizations . In Taylor Cox Jr_ explained that cultural diversity means the representation in one social system of people with distinctly different group affiliations of cultural significance . Differing group affiliations that are likely to affect the generally involve cultural or identity groups based on ethnicity national origin race and religion_Cultural Diversity in Organizations workforce . 	Multicultural education is needed to help reverse these trends and attitudes by teaching youth about culturally different groups and by providing opportunities for individuals from diverse backgrounds to learn live and work together . Although laws exist to prohibit discrimination based on race color gender age and creed the society of the United States continues to be plagued by attitudes and behaviors that are derogatory to some ethnic cultural and social groups and preferential to others . Thus unofficial inequality flourishes manifesting itself in racism ethnocentrism prejudices favoritism discrimination cultural appropriation and cultural hegemony . One revealing sign of such inequality is the frequency with which racial hostilities are reported in headline news . Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
14440017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . In the process of achieving and maintaining proficiency in your military occupational specialty MOS you will be learning concepts and performing tasks that are based on important chemical principles . As you become more proficient with these principles you may reach the point where you will not need to give them much conscious thought . Meanwhile however you should study this subcourse to gain a working knowledge of the fundamental principles of chemistry . Another good addition at this level would be and followed by In this subcourse you will study cardiac arrest basic life support to include rescue breathing chest compressions and recognition and treatment of cardiac dysrhythmias . This information will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . When you have casualties on the battlefield you must determine the sequence in which the casualties are to be treated and how to treat their injuries . This subcourse discusses the procedures for performing primary and secondary surveys performing triage treating open and closed injuries of the extremities chest abdominal and head and controlling shock . One of the more common injuries on a battlefield or in everyday life is a fracture . Although usually not immediately life_threatening serious fractures can be fatal if not properly treated . 	0
14450010800257	Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . 	They believe that at best multicultural education is a philosophy a methodology for educational reform and a set of specific content areas within instructional programs . Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . And it requires changes in school programs policies and practices . Multiculturalists explicitly value diversity and agree that the specific content structures and practices employed in achieving multicultural education will differ depending on the setting . 	0
14460181600822	One possible benefit of front license plates is to increase the effectiveness of which work only if a vehicle can be linked back to its registered owner . Opponents of two license plates usually do not like front plates on certain sports cars and historic cars because of their visual obtrusiveness from the vehicle . 	Extends from three years to six years the period in which the Department of Taxation may assess income tax for any tax return filed based in whole or in part on an abusive tax avoidance transaction . An abusive tax avoidance transaction means a transaction that has been identified by the Tax Commissioner as such a transaction and that has been published by the Tax Commissioner . 	0
14470163202293	Sales of a product or service that is difficult or impossible to sell . This is often done in the form of a _ pyramid scheme . Some ads claim to offer a device that makes passive sales calls and the employee will be paid a commission of the sales . Some ads offer legitimate forms of work that really do exist but exaggerate the salary the effort that will have to be put into the job or the amount of work that will be available . Many such ads do not even specify the type of work that will be performed . Some similar schemes do not advertise work that would be performed at home but may instead offer occasional sporadic work away from home for large payments paired with a lot of free time . Some common offers fitting this description are . 	The answers to these questions may help you determine whether a work_at_home program is appropriate for your circumstances and whether it is legitimate . You also might want to check out the company with your local consumer protection agency state Attorney General and the Better Business Bureau not only where the company is located but also where you live . These organizations can tell you whether they have received complaints about the work_at_home program that interests you . But be wary the absence of complaints does not necessarily mean the company is legitimate . Unscrupulous companies may settle complaints change their names or move to avoid detection . Where to Complain . If you have spent money and time on a work_at_home program and now believe the program may not be legitimate contact the company and ask for a refund . 	0
14480017302438	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	a free public service . We hope to provide you with all the information you need to learn the basics The lymenet_org site has expert advice about prevention of tick bites plus management and recovery from Lyme disease . View at the Iowa State site and the Lyme Disease . MedicineNet describes insect sting reactions and prevention . In the dog days of summer the bees are getting restless . MedicineNet on those annoying reminders that you are not as graceful as you wish you were . A pretty extensive article on boo_boos with links to more . MedicineNet give excellent first aid advice for when you fall down go boom . 	0
14490060701760	OSHA Quick Cards . Table of Contents . Aerial Lifts Quick Card English Spanish Avian Flu . 	Connecticut Web Directory Employment Links . Lists jobs in Connecticut by Employer by career field . Also lists career fairs and internships in Connecticut . Search by career field with job search resources company profiles and more . News Times Greater Danbury area resource . Post your resume search by category receive email alerts . Search local jobs and post your resume with a photo and Resume Blast your resume to thousands of recruiters in your area . Job seeker resources category search and also lists seasonal jobs in Connecticut . 	0
14500010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	by Geneva Gay . Introduction . Multicultural education means different things to different people . However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . 	0
14510060701760	General Precautions English Spanish Poultry Workers English Spanish Healthcare Workers English Spanish Animal Handlers Not Poultry Workers English Spanish Food Handlers English Spanish Lab Workers English Spanish Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Quick Card English Spanish Chain Saw Safety Tips Quick Card English Spanish Chipper Machine Quick Card English Spanish Construction Hazards Top Four Quick Card English Spanish Construction PPE Quick Card English Spanish Crane Safety Quick Card English Spanish Demolition Safety Tips Quick Card English Spanish Electrical Safety Quick Card English Spanish Fall Protection Tips Quick Card English Spanish Fireworks Safety Tips Pocket Card Retail Fireworks Sales English Fireworks Safety Tips Pocket Card Display Operators English General Decontamination Quick Card English Spanish Hand Hygiene Quick Card English Spanish Heat Stress Quick Card English Spanish Hydrogen Sulfide Quick Card English Spanish Lead in Construction Quick Card English Spanish Mold Quick Card English Spanish Vietnamese Motor Vehicles Safe Dr_ving Practices for Employees English Spanish Permit Required Confined Spaces Quick Card English Spanish Pest Control Pyrotechnics Quick Card English Portable Generator Safety Quick Card English Spanish Portable Ladder Safety Quick Card English Rescuers of Animals English Spanish Respirators Quick Card English Spanish Rodents Snakes Insects Quick Card English Spanish Vietnamese Silicosis Quick Card English Spanish Supported Scaffold Inspection Tips Quick Card English Spanish Supported Scaffold Safety Tips English Spanish Tree Trimming Removal Quick Card English Spanish Vietnamese West Nile Virus Quick Card English Spanish Working Safely in Trenches Safety Tips Quick Card English Spanish Work Zone Traffic Safety Quick Card English Spanish  . 	Register with site post your resume and search Connecticut jobs . State of Connecticut Department of Administrative Services state Part of America is Job Bank . Search by zip code military title and keyword . Craigslist . Search for jobs in Connecticut by category location or keyword . Jobs Listings Find a temporary or contract job in CT by category . Search by location in Connecticut . Interestingly it also has comments from people talking about their experiences with the company who posted the listing . 	0
14520108500217	The law also sets standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 631 a pensions . 	March 31 2004 Mainebecomes the 16th state to protect LGB people from discrimination and the 6th state to protect transgender people with clear legislative language . The law prohibits discrimination in employment housing credit public accommodations and educational opportunities based on sexual orientation or gender identity and expression _ is happy to announce the availability of a new research material available on their web site measuring the frequency and cost of Transgender Health Benefits THBs . 	0
14530010800257	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . 	When planning for multicultural education in school programs it is important to allow different conceptions of multicultural education to be expressed in the school decisionmaking process rather than to insist on one definition . Conceptions of multicultural education contain value beliefs and reflect the varying levels of understanding among people involved in the school decisionmaking process . 	0
14540017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . 	See also PDF Knowledge of how the human body is constructed and how it works is an important part of the training of everyone concerned with healing the sick or managing conditions following injury . This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . 	0
14550010800257	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . Anyone who deviates from these standards is considered to be unAmerican they become objects of scorn and are subjected to discrimination being denied equal access to institutional opportunities political rights economic rewards and respect for their human dignity . Multicultural education is a potential means for correcting these distortions and inequities . 	0
14560010803142	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . 	The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . LINC works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect and cultural sensitivity and a strong sociocultural academic community working together to provide social justice and diversity education programming and other efforts . 	0
14570017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . 	0
14580017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The combat lifesaver is a non_medical soldier who provides lifesaving measures as a secondary mission as his primary combat mission allows . The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . 	0
14590108500217	The law also sets standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 631 a pensions . 	The New York City Department of Homeless Services ended discriminatory practices toward transgender clients at its homeless shelters with the release of a new policy . Advocates from the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Community Center the Center Queers for Economic Justice QEJ the Sylvia Rivera Law Project SRLP and the Transgeneder Law and Policy Instituteworked to adopt this change which guides intake assessment and shelter staff to ensure that gender identity is taken into consideration when making intake assignments . 	0
14600017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . 	0
14610017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	With a completely new look and revised to meet the 2004 standards this online 5 edition of Active First Aid has been comprehensively updated and complies with the latest policy recommendations of the ARC and other expert bodies . We have also included access to our new First Aid Quick Guide which will give you concise information on what to do for the most common emergencies . This online manual has been designed to help a first responder in most emergency situations by providing simple to follow treatment sections . Emergency situations require prompt action and an untrained first responder can often find themselves at a loss to know what to do . 	0
14620017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . 	0
14630017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The Police Notebook the Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma . A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . 	0
14640079902118	For example a food with a surprisingly high index is cooked carrots . In many diabetics this seemingly innocent food can cause a strong and quick spike in bG . So even though this food is technically allowed in gd you may want to give it wide berth or test your own response to it gingerly . Other common trigger foods are white rice bagels etc_ as discussed above . For a more detailed list of common trigger foods see the website listed below . 	When you are dealing with a disease that requires prolonged care and maintenance like diabetes it is important that you also invest some time and effort in continuing education . Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . 	0
14650017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The Police Notebook the Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma . A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . 	0
14660154901044	It is not uncommon for some people who are currently at their ideal body weight to seek additional weight loss in order to improve athletic performance and or meet required weight classification for participation in a sport . However others may be driven by achieving a more attractive body image . 	It is important to drink at least 64 ounces of water per day while on the Medifast 5 1 Plan to keep your body hydrated . How much water should I drink on this program . We recommend drinking 64 ounces of water per day . In addition you may drink any liquids that are considered non_caloric which would include Medifast Flavor Infusers . This also includes hot or iced tea coffee or decaf diet sodas or other calorie_free beverages . As a general rule Medifast recommends that you try to drink as much water as possible for good health and limit your intake of other non_caloric liquids when possible . 	0
14670017300189	In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	There are really only three places that you should get a dog from an animal shelter a breeder or a rescue organization . Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . Does it approach you in a friendly manner . Talk with the people caring for the animals for any information on a particular animal they can give you . If you plan to show your dog or desire a healthy pet_quality purebred find a responsible breeder . 	0
14680017302438	In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Should you be faced with the situation where you are required to administer first aid then your training and the information provided in this book will enable you to cope effectively_ presents a list of 29 common first aid ailments which have been taken from Health at Home  Your Complete Guide to Symptoms Solutions Self_Care a book published by the . Each ailment has a nifty easy to comprehend algorithm chart to follow for treatment . 	0
14690017300189	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Many dogs are in animal shelters with a note that says could not be housebroken or could not be trained . You are responsible for becoming more knowledgeable about dogs . Never get one as a surprise gift . All members of your family must agree on having a dog . Have food water and food dishes bedding collars and leashes chew toys and a veterinarian lined up before you pick up your dog . Many Christmas puppies are found in the shelters by New Year is Day_You are responsible for being prepared for the new dog . 	0
14700010800257	Belgium for instance officially has delineated which portions of the nation are French Flemish German or bilingual the latter limited to Brussels . While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . 	0
14710017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . 	0
14720017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . An is available for this document . This safety module is intended to be used as a refresher safety awareness session and is in no way to be used as a substitute for job training nor for proper equipment use . 	0
14730017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . Together skeletal tissue and muscle tissue are important parts of the functioning of the body as a whole . The skin is not just a simple thin covering which keeps the body together . The skin is a complex combination of tissues that perform functions necessary for human survival . Our skin helps maintain body temperature receives stimuli from the environment and stores chemical compounds . 	0
14740083102546	This machine which its inventor called may have been suspended on a wire or pivot for its flight . Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . Thomas Winter has suggested that the pseudo_Aristotelian is an important mechanical work by Archytas not lost after all but misattributed_ mechanics 1 Aulus Gellius 2 3 The Pigeon 4 5 Vitruvius 6 Mechanical Problems 7 . 	He was noted for his strong belief in determinism famously replying to Napoleon is question about God with . I have no need of that hypothesis . Laplace viewed mathematics as just a tool for developing his physical theories . Nevertheless he made many important mathematical discoveries and inventions most notably the Laplace Transform . 	0
14750017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	By maintaining a record of a patient is vital signs the effectiveness of the medical treatment that the patient receives can be evaluated . This subcourse provides you with information you need in order to take a person is vital signs . The musculoskeletal system is composed of osseous bone tissue and muscle tissue . Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . Together skeletal tissue and muscle tissue are important parts of the functioning of the body as a whole . The skin is not just a simple thin covering which keeps the body together . 	0
14760079902118	For example a food with a surprisingly high index is cooked carrots . In many diabetics this seemingly innocent food can cause a strong and quick spike in bG . So even though this food is technically allowed in gd you may want to give it wide berth or test your own response to it gingerly . Other common trigger foods are white rice bagels etc_ as discussed above . For a more detailed list of common trigger foods see the website listed below . Glycemic indices add too much confusion for some people but others find them immensely helpful . If you desire more information about them or about specific foods try the website . It also contains links that may be helpful in your search for diabetes information_ http___www_anndeweesallen_com_ . 	When you are dealing with a disease that requires prolonged care and maintenance like diabetes it is important that you also invest some time and effort in continuing education . Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . With continuing education diabetes patients can look forward to better treatment cost_effective care and improved health management_diabetescontinuing education . What is continuing education and why is it important . Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . How professionals can participate in continuing education courses . There are a variety of courses available for health care providers most of which are offered as specialized learning depending on the individual is field of specialization . 	0
14770011900139	This disconnection makes it impossible for humanity to feel and has resulted in a civilization that has become increasingly violent pornographic and physically ill . The heart chakra is the root of the immune system . The imploded heart chakra leads to such diseases as Aids M_S Lupus and any other Immune Disorder . The imploded heart chakra also leads to the emotional state of depression and suicidal feelings which again have become increasingly prevalent within the past 50 years . Our channel has found that those suffering from depression find almost instant relief in unwinding the heart chakra allowing the energy to flow properly . 	Cite this Page . The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
14780010800257	Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . The culturally heterogeneous workforce has an obvious advantage in cross_cultural and management . On the domestic level changing demographic patterns allow for new areas of segmented ethnic marketing . This in turn represents new domestic markets for goods or services in mature markets that have little room for expansion in their traditional market share . 	Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
14790017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . 	0
14800079902118	It should also be noted that not all glycemic indices came up with exactly the same results . Slight differences appear between indices probably because of differences in the groups tested . But general trends can still be detected from these indices and danger foods highlighted and watched for . For example a food with a surprisingly high index is cooked carrots . In many diabetics this seemingly innocent food can cause a strong and quick spike in bG . So even though this food is technically allowed in gd you may want to give it wide berth or test your own response to it gingerly . Other common trigger foods are white rice bagels etc_ as discussed above . 	When you are dealing with a disease that requires prolonged care and maintenance like diabetes it is important that you also invest some time and effort in continuing education . Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . With continuing education diabetes patients can look forward to better treatment cost_effective care and improved health management_diabetescontinuing education . 	0
14810011900139	It is also only through an open heart that an initiate can experience that ecstatic state of divine union that comes as a result of their evolutionary process . Evolution was designed to be based on love and it is for this reason that the heart contains the very mechanism necessary for Ascension . 	Cite this Page . The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . For example Grenvillian Orogeny is used to refer to the period of orogenesis in many parts of the world approximately one billion years ago synchronous with the collision between Laurentia and Baltica in the Grenville Province of . Areas in which mountain building have occurred in the past although no mountains may remain today are called orogens or orogenic belts_ mountain chains orosgeneia North America . Orogeny or orogenesis most commonly involves the collision between two continental or the collision between a continental plate and an island arc . 	0
14820010800257	While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . The stress and anxiety that accompany this lack of support and affirmation cause their mental attention energy and efforts to be diffused between protecting their psyches from attack and attending to academic tasks . 	0
14830005302308	These joints usually allow no movement or minimal movement in the case of the and first joints . This joint is one of the main three joints of skeletal system_ first rib manubrium sternum ossification centers long bones manubriosternal manubriocostal edit Secondary cartilaginous joints . 	 junction of two bones that permits movement . ribs bones of the thoracic cage . Vertebra each of the bones of the spinal column . Semi_mobile joints very restricted flexibility . vertebra each of the bones of the spinal column . Cartilaginous joints flexibility due to cartilage an elastic tissue . skull bony case of the brain . Fixed joints joints that do not allow flexibility . elbow joint connecting the forearm to the upper arm . Hinged joint flexible in only one direction . 	0
14840005302515	These joints usually allow no movement or minimal movement in the case of the and first joints . This joint is one of the main three joints of skeletal system_ first rib manubrium sternum ossification centers long bones manubriosternal manubriocostal edit Secondary cartilaginous joints . 	96_105_Fluoride in Medicine Joint changes or fluoric arthrosis may be very severe especially in the hip knee and elbow joints . SOURCE . Soriano M_ 1968 . Periostitis deformans due to wine fluorosis . 1 56_64_Fluoride . In some instances they grow to such an extent as to block joint movement blocking arthrosis . The joint block can also be induced by calcification of the periarticular ligament . 	0
14850041000658	It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . 	The British seized the initiative and opened fire first but did not take the Afghan force from the flank . Rather it went to the defense after choosing the wrong terrain to conduct the meeting battle_The meeting battle is a highly probable form of combat for an expeditionary force . 1 . Much of the material in this article is extracted from a paper author Ali Jalali wrote in Pashto . 	0
14860010800257	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . Ethnic and cultural pluralism is an everpresent influence in all aspects of American history life and culture . 	0
14870017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . In males neutering decreases the chances of developing prostatic disease and hernias and eliminates the chances of developing testicular cancer . It also reduces problems with territorial and sexual aggression inappropriate urination spraying and other undesirable male behaviors . 	Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . Puppies that are runts due to health problems should be avoided . A responsible breeder will let you know which kind of runt the pup is . Puppies should be at minimum dewormed by eight weeks of age . The first set of puppy shots is desireable as well . 	0
14880079901122	Besides shoulder dystocia occurs quite frequently in babies under 9 lbs_ as well and again the doctor is delivery restrictions are often a contributing factor that goes unrecognized and unblamed . The point is that baby size and birth trauma is a much more complicated issue than gd researchers make it out to be and while of it is certainly a problem and preventable not all of it may be the burning issue that must be treated at cost_cansomeany . 	During the operation the recipient pancreas will still remain in its place and the donated pancreas will be attached in a different location . In some cases the new pancreas can even be rejected by the system of the recipients body . That is why the original pancreas is not removed from its original position . The healthy pancreas for transplant should come from a donor who has just died because it is not possible to get a living donors pancreas since it is very necessary for digestion . Is There A Cure For Diabetes Continue  . 	0
14890017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
14900017300498	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	It begins with mild swelling of the vulva and a bloody discharge . This lasts for about 9 days although it may vary by 2 or 3 days . During this phase the bitch may attract males but she is not ready to be bred and will reject all advances . The next phase is the . Usually the discharge decreases and becomes lighter almost pink in colour . The vulva becomes very enlarged and soft and the bitch will be receptive to the male . This stage may last 3 or 4 days or as long as 7 to 11 days . The female may be receptive a day or two past the time when she would still be fertile . 	0
14910017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Reading up on dogs in breed books some are listed below and talking to breeders will give you some idea of these kinds of characteristics . This also may be a reason to choose a purebred characteristics in purebreds appear more reliably because of their consistent breeding . Do recognize however that dogs show individual personalities and variety exists within each breed . Breeds are only a general indicator of what to expect . Some questions to ask yourself What characteristics do you want in a dog . What sort of exercise do I want to do with the dog . 	0
14920017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . Chemical reactions occur in each body cell . 	0
14930010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	The ultimate goal of multicultural education is to begin a process of change in schools that will ultimately extend to society . This goal will be accomplished by cultivating in students attitudes values habits and skills so that they can become social change agents who are committed to reforming society in order to eradicate ethnic and racial disparities in opportunities and are willing to act upon this commitment . 	0
14940135602603	The first is heating in which sound gravitational and magnetohydrodynamic waves are produced by turbulence in the convection zone . These waves travel upward and dissipate in the corona depositing their energy in the ambient gas in the form of heat . 	Go over where the students may go to take the temperature of different surfaces . Remind them to let a thermometer sit on a surface for three or four minutes before they take a reading and to let a thermometer get back down to air temperature before taking the reading of another surface . Go over how to describe the outdoor conditions of the day . Briefly talk about whether the conditions might change our experiment and findings . 	0
14950017302438	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . 	A particular disease diabetes mellitus will also be studied . Do your best to achieve the objective of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform functions of your medical MOS . The sensory system by which we see smell taste and hear is often taken for granted until we lose one or more of these senses . 	0
14960010800257	Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . 	However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . 	0
14970017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	The key word is ONLY . Responsible breeders seek a balanced dog they will breed for . Irresponsible breeders with a single goal in their view will frequently sacrifice many of these points a breeder seeking top performance often lets temperament or health slide just so long as the dog can perform a breeder seeking top show dogs may let the dog is abilities and health slide . Someone out to make a fast buck may niot have checked any of these criteria in their dogs . Examine your breeders carefully and go with the ones that match your overall philosophy and goals . 	0
14980010803142	Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . 	LINC Meeting with Marc Bamuthi Joseph Internationally renowned spoken word artist Marc Bamuthi Joseph is part of an emerging class of who combine a variety of art forms in their work . He has been a featured artist on Russell Simmons Def PoetryJam on HBO and is a National Poetry Slam champion Broadway veteran and inaugural recipient of the United States Artists Rockefeller Fellowship . Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . 	0
14990017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . 	Watch out for possible accidental injuries if the puppy is or will become much bigger than the cats . If you are introducing an adult dog to an adult dog it will depend on their temperament and how well they get along with other dogs . You might have some scuffles to establish a hierarchy keep an eye on it but do not forbid it unless things get out of hand . If one dog reacts very poorly to the other you will have to separate them for a while and work on introducing them slowly . 	0
15000017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . 	It is not possible to include all species of snakes and their varieties in this subcourse . A LAC_USC Guide for Snake Venom Poisoning is included at the end of the first lesson . The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . 	0
15010179400753	Some of the rooms have various traps including sharp wires flames blades and chemicals . The characters test each room for traps by a method known as booting which involves throwing a boot into a trapped room in an attempt to activate any traps_Cube Zero prequel . 	Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . Places to Visit . Gammelstaden Meythet Hartzviller Livry_Gargan . Post N25995 . Best Film . MHYTHOS N DJ COSMO Hymn Airscape Remix Beyond The Horizon Iridescenze . 	0
15020078902120	The Navy was so impressed with the performance gain of USAF A_7D that they ordered their own version with the TF41 engine and M61 cannon the to go along with the new continuous solution weapon systems and sophisticated avionics that was developed in the A_7C model that was highly advanced for that era . 	Also included in the work package were more efficient work areas for air frames and a repair facility for ground support equipment and the addition of avionics support capability for the S_3 . The ship also replaced the Surface_to_Air missile system with the NATO system and added elevators and modified weapons magazines to provide an increased capability for handling and stowing the newer larger air launched weapons . 	0
15030017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	And you may not even want to patronize the stores for pet supplies as this will indirectly support the mills too . How Do I Find a Good Veterinarian . Choosing a vet . Asking other pet owners is not always effective because they may not have had any unusual or challenging health problems with their pets and vets that can be okay for routine stuff often are less impressive with unusal stuff . Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . 	0
15040010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . Individuals in organizations may find such change troubling . Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . 	The discontinuities occur when people behave naturally because their behavior is strongly influenced by cultural conditioning . Responsible education decisionmaking in a pluralistic society cannot result if educational leaders continue to function without being conscious of how culture shapes their own and their students attitudes values and behaviors . By becoming more aware that they are products of their cultures and live within given value and symbol systems and by reflecting on this condition educators can free themselves from the tyranny of their own cultures and free children from the damaging effects of premature inaccurate and prejudiced interpretations of their culturally induced behavior Spindler 1987a . 	0
15050164901479	Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_does not any cite references or sources improve this article reliable sources Unverifiable September 2007 dog tags . A or is required in some jurisdictions to be the keeper of a . 	There are certain food should not be given to dog such as meat oily food or raq pork cured meat and is better not to give any pasteurized milk products like ice cream white bread raisins onion milk grapes and sugary food . It is must to keep away from junk food and fast food . 	0
15060079902118	It should be remembered though that individual response varies and some people can tolerate foods that are high on the index close observation of your response to each food is important_glycemic indexown . 	In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . 	0
15070017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	If you cannot afford veterinary care for a dog do not get one . Preventive and consistent care is less expensive in the long run . Choose a vet who you are comfortable with and who will answer your questions . Check out the office do animals seem just frightened or are they also out of control . Is it bedlam or reasonable for the number of different animals there . Do you have local recommendations from friends . Does the vet specialize in small animals as opposed to say livestock . Try to get word_of_mouth recommendations . A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . 	0
15080017302438	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	To give patients with problems in either or both systems the best possible care you need to know normal anatomy and physiology of the systems specific disorders in each system assessment methods and treatments . Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . 	0
15090017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
15100017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	This paper is for Search and Rescue dog handlers who are trained to at least the Advanced First Aid and CPR level . We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . 	0
15110010800257	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . 	The April 9 1990 issue of examined the growing percentage of people of color in the U_S_ population . A November 1993 special edition of the same magazine explored the effects of immigration on the changing face of America . Diversity of race culture ethnicity social class religion language and national origin is a fundamental feature of interpersonal interactions and community structures_TimeU_S . News and World ReportTime . However in the more formal aspects of society such as institutional policies practices and power allocation Anglocentric and middleclass cultural values predominate . 	0
15120010803142	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . 	The block party is sponsored by the Office of the Dean of Students Lafayette Intercultural Network Council Office of Recreation Services and the Arts Society with support from the Department of Athletics Maroon Club and the Office of Residence Life . The campus community is going to get creative this weekend as music dance art activities food and drink highlight the seventh annual Block party . A wide range of festivities will take place leading up to the 6 p_m_ kickoff of Lafayette is first home night football game . Student organizations will present a wide variety of interactive art_related and creative activities free of charge_600 Block of Parson is Street Sept . 13th 3_6pm . The Seventh Annual Block Party . An Afternoon w Sofia Ruiz_Ugalde_David A_ Portlock Cultural Center Wednesday Sept . 	0
15130010803142	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . This is no small matter in a nation that on many occasions had scapegoated its Chinese community during periods of economic upheaval . 	Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . Obo Addy Okropong w HSL members Event is sponsored by the Hispanic Society of Lafayette . Come out and celebrate at Latino Heritage with a night dance to a variety of Latino musical styles_The Spot Saturday October 11 11pm_3am . 	0
15140010800257	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . This is no small matter in a nation that on many occasions had scapegoated its Chinese community during periods of economic upheaval . 	One revealing sign of such inequality is the frequency with which racial hostilities are reported in headline news . Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
15150010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . In other words one can speak of a Brazilian or a U_S_ culture but to which of the many subcultural groups in those countries does one refer . It is difficult to indicate in short what constitutes a national cultural norm . 	Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . Furthermore knowledge about ethnic pluralism is a necessary foundation for respecting appreciating valuing and celebrating diversity both nationally and internationally . Personal Development . The psychological underpinnings of multicultural education explain its emphasis on developing greater selfunderstanding positive selfconcepts and pride in one is ethnic identity . Emphasizing these areas is part of multicultural education is goal of contributing to the personal development of students which contends that a better sense of self contributes to the overall intellectual academic and social achievement of students . Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
15160010803142	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . In other words one can speak of a Brazilian or a U_S_ culture but to which of the many subcultural groups in those countries does one refer . It is difficult to indicate in short what constitutes a national cultural norm . 	The History of Corn in Latin America . LUNCH PROVIDED . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . LINC aims to provide social justice and diversity education programming among other efforts_It works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect cultural sensitivity and a strong socio_cultural academic community Farinon Marlo Room East 12 00 pmWednesday Oct . 1 . LINC Meeting . In West Africa master drummers enjoy the status and respect that other cultures extend to figures of high prominence_governors priests healers . As keeper of musical lore from his native Ghana is an extraordinary interpreter of African drumming traditions and his charismatic performances with his ensemble pulse with the thrilling energy of drumming dance and song . Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . 	0
15170010800257	Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
15180079902118	It is not just the highs and lows that you want to avoid but also the between these_veryswings . 	Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . 	0
15190010803142	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . This performance is sponsored by the Lafayette College Office of Intercultural Development_Friday February 6 8 00 pm Williams Center for the Arts . 	0
15200010801758	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	Career Development . NAME . Walter Ohrbom JOB TITLE . Senior Research Associate NAME . Thavy Un JOB TITLE . Portfolio Manager NAME . Dmitry Rachuk JOB TITLE . Mechanical Maintenance Engineer NAME . Sundar Subramaniam JOB TITLE . Manager Learning and Development Valuing diversity is not merely recognizing the legitimacy of differences but relying on these differences for a competitive advantage developing an environment of cooperation and communication that encourages colleagues to value and express differing ideas and viewpoints . 	0
15210146301254	Job losses and economic impacts of this scale will lead to horrific social conditions beyond unemployment foreclosures personal bankruptcies and homelessness . 	Aids to navigation . Lightships . Federal Government Documents . Annual report of the Commissioner of Lighthouses to the Secretary of Commerce and Labor for the fiscal year ended . U_S . Docs . C 9_1 year . Library has 1922_1932 . Annual report of the Light_House Board to the Secretary of the Treasury for the fiscal year ended June 30th . U_S . Docs . C 9_1 year . 	0
15220108500217	Statements or specifications in job notices or advertisements of age preference and limitations . Denial of benefits to older employees . 	The National Coalition for Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender Health in an effort to address health disparities among the transgender population has compiled An Overview of U_S . 	0
15230181602057	Alabama Arizona Arkansas Delaware Florida Georgia Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Michigan Mississippi New Mexico North Carolina Oklahoma Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee West Virginia Arizona Kansas is a unique case for license plate mounting . Before the introduction of the current base starting in 1986 for commercial vehicles and and 1988 for all other vehicles the state issued only a single green_on_white plate to be mounted on the rear bumper . With the current_issue base two plates are issued to be mounted on both the front and rear bumpers . 	When driving under a DUI suspension or driving under suspension without insurance proof of financial responsibility the court is authorized to order vehicle immobilization and impoundment of the license plates at the time of sentencing . The penalties for such conduct based on convictions within a five_year period are . 	0
15240181601326	Alabama Arizona Arkansas Delaware Florida Georgia Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Michigan Mississippi New Mexico North Carolina Oklahoma Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee West Virginia Arizona Kansas is a unique case for license plate mounting . Before the introduction of the current base starting in 1986 for commercial vehicles and and 1988 for all other vehicles the state issued only a single green_on_white plate to be mounted on the rear bumper . With the current_issue base two plates are issued to be mounted on both the front and rear bumpers . 	If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid on time then a late_payment penalty of 10_00 will be added to the City Lic_nse Fee . If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid in the current year then according to it will remain due and be collectible_What will happen if I do not pay my City Lic_nse Fee in the current year . 	0
15250097700181	It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 	The tornado that struck Pine Lake Alberta was Canada is first killer tornado since 1994 and first addition to the Canadian top ten list since the Edmonton tornado of 1987 . Pine Lake is located about 25 km 15 miles southeast of Red Deer and 150 km 95 miles northeast of Calgary in a popular recreational area particularly on this midsummer weekend . 	0
15260133302696	Retrospectively this aircraft became known as the E for experimental . It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . The triple fin and double deck were abandoned on subsequent models and the more common single fin was utilised . 	Close friends reported that Hughes was obsessed with the size of peas one of his favorite foods and used a special fork to sort them by size . While directing Hughes became obsessed by a minor flaw in one of Jane Russell is blouses claiming that the fabric bunched up along a seam and gave the appearance of two nipples on each of Russell is breasts . 	0
15270017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . 	0
15280010800257	As James Clifford observed in it has become increasingly hard to conceive of human diversity as inscribed in bounded independent cultures . The Predicament of Culture . In other words one can speak of a Brazilian or a U_S_ culture but to which of the many subcultural groups in those countries does one refer . 	Multicultural education argues to the contrary . Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
15290017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . An is available for this document . 	0
15300010800257	Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . 	0
15310106000694	 Click on a business below to find out more info . Katarina Sail Charters . Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . 	Surf the best breaks in Rincon and walk from the shore to the luxurious Maria is Beach Villas . We have been there and can only say that Maria is Beach Villas sets a new standard for high_end lodging in Rincon . To see for yourself go to the new where you can make your reservations can be made . 	0
15320017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . The routes of person to person transmission and disease precautions will be of special interest . 	0
15330010800257	By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	Furthermore learning is a highrisktaking enterprise that works better when students are made to feel secure and centered in who they are and what they are already capable of doing before they are asked to take on new ventures . Psychological security and a positive feeling of selfworth are prerequisites for the more abstract need to know and learn . 	0
15340179402208	They are instructed to perform the exit procedure for a subject who has reached the end through the cube and is about to meet his final challenge . They find that it is none other than Owen one of their missing colleagues . In the process of the exit procedure when asked if he believes in God he answers no . The answer results in his immediate _ incineration . 	Since I had a young family I took a job detailing cars to make ends meet and then was hired to sell Car Detailing products to the Professional Detailing Trade and Auto Dealers for a company that distributed car care products which is no longer in business . The Professional Detailing Trade and Auto Dealerships depend on Car Care and Appearance Products that work the first time and are fast and easy to use . 	0
15350181600645	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . 	Common exemptions to FOIA requests Making a Request for records from DMV Your FOIA Rights DMV is Responsibilities in Responding to Your Request Costs . The Virginia Freedom of Information Act FOIA located at § et_ seq_ of the Code of Virginia guarantees citizens of the Commonwealth and representatives of the media access to certain public records held by public bodies public officials and public employees . 	0
15360017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The U_S . Food and Dr_g Administration Widows recluses Simulator for the general public and Awesome truly incredible and even fun text based simulations . A few notes before starting . The simulation is a basic EMS emergency care scenario . 	0
15370017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . 	0
15380107000914	In the early 1970s Volvo acquired the passenger car division of the Dutch company and marketed their small cars as Volvos before releasing the Dutch_built which went on to be one of the biggest_selling cars in the market in the 1980s . 	Volvo purchased a one_third share in DAF in 1973 increasing to a three_quarters stake in 1975 the DAF company is name was changed to Volvo Car BV that year . Free of its passenger car division DAF is commercial vehicle division still operates today . DAF Trucks edit Model chronology 343 DL 1980 model before first bumper and front facelift . 	0
15390174200884	The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . The 9 130 acres of vineyards slope down to deep glaciated lakes providing a micro_climate and soils for the production of premium vinifera wine grapes . 	Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . 	0
15400041000658	Afghanistan has a continental climate with hot summers and cold winters . The country is frequently subject to minor mainly in the northeast of mountain areas . 	John failed to determine their enemy is whereabouts . In fact the advance guard of the Afghan army arrived in Garmab on 25 July while a number of its forward elements and a group of reached Maiwand the same day . 	0
15410146303165	Here are some to tease you with that are not being played in the media . Ive spent my week listening to and looking at sobering news . Regardless how you paint the picture Michigan is in for a brutal couple of years if not longer . 	The University of Michigan Flint Human Resources Office in conjunction with the Executive Officers would like to announce the following professional development sessions . These sessions are part of the continuing efforts to provide supervisory staff with professional development opportunities . Business Case for Diversity . Thursday November 6 2008 Date . Michigan Rooms A and B UCEN 9am to 11am . Location . 	0
15420108500217	Executives over age 65 in high policy_making positions who are entitled to a pension over a minimum yearly amount . Pilots 60 years of age and older . 	The purpose of the Bill is to give transsexual people legal recognition in their acquired gender ensuring that for the first time transsexual people are afforded all the rights and responsibilities appropriate to that gender . 	0
15430017300189	But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . 	0
15440010800257	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . 	Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . With the exception of adaptation none of these responses is conducive to maximizing the human wellbeing and academic success of students . 	0
15450079902118	On the other hand there a subgroup of larger women who tend to gain a lot in pregnancy often those who are closer to average_size are chronic yo_yo dieters had a recent large weight loss or who have complications in pregnancy such as pre_eclampsia . A very large weight gain such as these women tend to experience could indeed potentially cause problems_couldis . The problem is that there is no sure way to predict who will gain too much weight and who will not . 	Nurse practitioners for example should look for courses or course providers who are approved by the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners while psychologists should find courses approved by the American Psychological Association . This is to ensure that courses and activities included in the continuing education program are relevant and duly approved . 	0
15460017300176	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Keep a count of the number of afterbirths . Not every puppy is followed by it is placenta and you may have placentas retained that will be a part of the post delivery discharge . This and breech birthing is in the bitch . This can last up to 4 weeks and be normal . 	0
15470133302696	The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . 	In December of that year Hughes told his aides that he wanted to screen some movies at a film studio near his home . Hughes stayed in the studio is darkened screening room for more than four months never leaving . He subsisted exclusively on chocolate bars and milk and relieved himself in the empty bottles and containers . 	0
15480010800257	In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . 	The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
15490010800257	Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	The control of most major institutions and power positions by European Americans cause some people to think that these positions were acquired because European Americans have innate intellectual superiority and are destined to be leaders . The prominence of recent immigrants and racial group members in lowlevel service jobs cause some people to conclude that their economic status is synonymous with their human worth and to act accordingly . 	0
15500010801758	Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	And what a great feeling it is for a father to watch his daughter live a life that was once just a speck of hope in his mind . My being here today has been a combination of hard work luck and having met the right people at the right time in BASF who saw something in me and let me fly . 	0
15510010800257	In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . 	Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . Anyone who deviates from these standards is considered to be unAmerican they become objects of scorn and are subjected to discrimination being denied equal access to institutional opportunities political rights economic rewards and respect for their human dignity . 	0
15520041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	He reigned in consultation with a council of eight or nine sirdars or sardars the most powerful Durrani Pashtuns each of whom was responsible for his own group . He sought the advice of his council on all major issues . Although he favored the Durrani and especially his own lineage the Sadozai he was conciliatory to the other Pashtun chiefs as well . Ahmad Shah is successors were not so wise and the nation he had built almost collapsed because of their misrule and the intratribal rivalry that they could not manage . By the time of Ahmad Shah the Pashtuns included many groups whose greatest single common characteristic was their Pashto language . Their origins were obscure most were believed to have descended from ancient Aryan tribes but some such as the Ghilzai may have been Turks . 	0
15530051800714	He later obtained a scholarship from his workplace to study for a at the where he met Barack Obama is mother also a student . 	This collection of sheet music from the Alfred Whital Stern collection of Lincolniana can be searched by subect title author etc_ http___memory_loc_gov_ammem_scsmhtml_scsmhome_html This independently operated Web site by Lowell and Rhonda Sneller is the best introduction to other Lincoln organizations sites and recent writings . It also has a chat room for Lincoln students to exchange their views_ www_netins_net_showcase_creative_lincoln_html The Library of Congress has placed a number of their Lincoln holdings on line including prints and documents_ www_loc_gov William Henry Seward House http___www_sewardhouse_org_ Illinois First History and Government Resource Page Chicago Historical Society IL Dept_ of Vital Records IL State Archives free genealogy web site printable township plats from IL 1804_1891 Board for Certification of Genealogists IL State Historical Society Camping The Abraham Lincoln Research Site contains reference information on the life of Abraham Lincoln . 	0
15540041000658	In 1709 a local Afghan from the clan overthrew and killed the Safavid governor of . 	The British relied on the strength of their technology and chose their battle site on open ground surrounded by flanking ravines_Technology is a tool not an excuse to violate military principles . The Afghans had the Armstrong breech_loading rifled cannon that outranged and outperformed the British artillery_A high_technology force may be countered by a lower_technology force if that lower_technology force has invested in select high technology . The British chose to bring a month is worth of supplies rather than maintain a secure line of communication back to Kandahar . This encumbered the maneuver force with a large slow_moving unwieldy element that slowed the pace of advance to a crawl and tied up a significant portion of the combat force in trains protection_Logistics is a problem for an expeditionary force . 	0
15550083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . Archytas Moon edit The Archytas Curve . 	It is still hard to believe that this obvious and so_convenient system did not catch on in Europe until almost the Renaissance . No one person can be credited with the invention of the decimal system but Chang Tshang Aryabhatta Brahmagupta and Leonardo Fibonacci are key figures . Top ca 200_142 BC China Chang Tshang . Chinese mathematicians excelled for thousands of years and were first to discover various algebraic and geometric principles but they are denied credit because of Western ascendancy . Although there were great Chinese mathematicians a thousand years before the Han Dynasty and innovations continued for centuries after Han the textbook has special importance . known in Chinese as or was apparently written during the early Han Dynasty about 165 BC by Chang Tshang also spelled Zhang Cang . 	0
15560175900679	The also tested the Td5 and found it to be reliable but was concerned that the extra performance and speed that the engine gave would result in more accidents and vehicle damage on rough tracks when driven by inexperienced drivers so opted for the older engine as well . V8 electro_magnetic Australian Army . The British police have used Land Rovers including the Defender in their service for many years they are supplied with the entire range from Land Rover itself . 	This model was gradually improving and the mark would not stop selling . In the mid_50s throughout the area was renamed Defender model which continues in effect today . In the 70s launched the Range Rover which was the first luxury all_terrain of history even more detail than did the famous British brand . Defender appeared after mid_1989 and the Freelander in the last decade of the 90s . These were two all_terrain for markets that were in these peak periods the largest of all_terrain SUV and the light . Land Rover is a company created by Rover which in the 80s these two had many financial problems . So before falling into bankruptcy the German firm BMW took over from them but the marriage was short because Rover had too many debts . BMW split the company and all he did was to sell Land Rover and MG Rover and Ford to Some British investors with all that is staying with the German mark was Mini . Now Ford sold Land Rover to the Chinese company Tata of India . Hopefully a destination that does not harm one of the most important of all land in the world . Tags Land Rover 60 years of history Land Rover turns 60 . This entry was posted on Tuesday January 6th 2009 at 8 16 am and is filed under . 	0
15570041002863	In 1738 Nadir Shah and his army which included four thousand Pashtuns of the clan conquered the region of Kandahar in the same year he occupied Ghazni Kabul and . On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . 	Moreover the ultimate effect of the 1761 Battle of Panipat may have had detrimental effects on the rule of Ahmed Shah is descendants by thwarting the consolidation of Maratha power in northern and central India the battle may have set the stage for the rise of both Sikh and British power in the region . The victory at Panipat was the high point of Ahmad Shah is_and Afghan_power . Afterward even before his death the empire began to unravel . 	0
15580083102546	Archytas . Archytas is believed to be the founder of mathematical . As only described in the writings of five centuries after him he was reputed to have designed and built the first artificial self_propelled flying device a bird_shaped model propelled by a jet of what was probably steam said to have actually flown some 200 meters . This machine which its inventor called may have been suspended on a wire or pivot for its flight . Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . 	Khayyam was also an important astronomer measuring the year far more accurately than ever before improving the Persian calendar and building a famous star map . He emphasized science over religion and proved that the Earth rotates around the Sun . Despite his great achievements in algebra geometry and astronomy today Omar al_Khayyam is most famous for his rich poetry . The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam . 	0
15590041002863	Mir Wais successfully defeated the Persians who were attempting to convert the local population of Kandahar from to the sect of . Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . 	By the end of the eighteenth century the Durranis had blanketed the area west and north of Qandahar . Successors of Ahmad Shah . Ahmad Shah is successors presided incompetently over a period of unrest so marked that within half a century of Ahmad Shah is death Afghanistan was embroiled in civil war . 	0
15600083102546	Archytas and Eudoxus student was . Tarentum Magna Graecia Italy Ph_lolaus Eudoxus of Cnidus Menaechmus . Archytas . Archytas is believed to be the founder of mathematical . 	The word is borrowed from Al_Khowarizmi is name . Among several Muslim mathematicians who contributed to the development of Islamic science and indirectly to Europe is later Renaissance Al_Khowarizmi was the most famous and most influential_Al_Jabralgorithm . 	0
15610174200884	Founded in 1944 in the heart of Scarsdale village and across the street from the Metro North railroad station it has expanded many times . The two Enomatic Machines that dispense Argon gas especially impressed me and each has 8 wines available to taste . Customers get a card free that allows them to sample wines at their leisure any time the store is open . The fine wine room is an oenophiles dream . It was time to return home to the Upper West Side which I reached in less than 45 minutes . The next time someone asks you to name NYCs 5 Boroughs dont forget to correct him or her and add Westchester as the 6th . 	It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . I m very impressed with the Ritz_Carlton training . Every hotel employee carries the Ritz_Carlton credo with them at all times a reminder of the company is focus on quality service . With no pockets Running kept hers in her shoe . Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . 	0
15620017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . 	0
15630017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . Ask to see the dog in the holding area most shelters have . You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . 	0
15640017302438	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Consider the human predicament if the skin were not waterproof . Every time it rained each human would absorb water like a sponge . The skin also acts as a protective covering keeping underlying tissues from bacterial invasion and harmful light rays and from drying out . As a Medical NCO it is important for you to understand the complex functions of the skin . Today more than 8 million Americans are affected by renal_related diseases . This fact suggests that you will probably deal with renal patients often . Add to this the complex human reproductive system by which a single cell duplicates its genetic material allowing an organism to grow and repair itself . To give patients with problems in either or both systems the best possible care you need to know normal anatomy and physiology of the systems specific disorders in each system assessment methods and treatments . 	0
15650017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	On the contrary no litter is 100 up to the criteria the breeder is looking for and the pup that does not quite meet the expectations of the breeder in ability or looks will make an excellent pet as he will otherwise be healthy and good tempered just what you want in your new companion . 	0
15660017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Information you read in this subcourse will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . In that pursuit do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . 	0
15670017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Just check them carefully when you go and visit them like you would any other breeder . Do not make the mistake of thinking that because you only want a nice pet there is no reason for you to look for a high quality breeder . On the contrary no litter is 100 up to the criteria the breeder is looking for and the pup that does not quite meet the expectations of the breeder in ability or looks will make an excellent pet as he will otherwise be healthy and good tempered just what you want in your new companion . Irresponsible Breeders those who breed ONLY for the perfect show dog those who breed ONLY for top performance proper conformation good structure is key for comfortable and free movement good level of appropriate ability if a hunting breed dogs in the pedigree have hunting titles or have been used for hunting same for herding coursing etc_ good overall temperament good health . Pet Stores . A graphic article in LIFE Magazine Sept . 1992 illustrates the kinds of problems with puppy mills . Many pet stores have been instructing their employees to tell prospective clients that all the animals in the store are from local breeders . In many cases this is simply not true . 	0
15680174200884	Using Swedish winter wheat and water from a proprietary source we learned that since vodka does not go through barrel aging the character of the spirit is dependent on the quality of the natural ingredients . Every step of distillation and production of ABSOLUT still occurs in Ahus even the bottles are washed with vodka . ABSOLUT accounts for almost 40 of the imported vodka market in the US and is the third largest brand of alcoholic spirit in the world after Bacardi and Smirnoff . We had 6 cups placed in front of us . We were told to sniff the first 4 twice and then swirl them around in our mouth . 	Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . I m very impressed with the Ritz_Carlton training . 	0
15690010800257	In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
15700010803142	In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . 	During this event students coordinate a variety of performances including poetry dance and song to celebrate African_American culture_Tuesday Dec . 4 2007 in the Farinon Marlo Room from 7_9 pm . Kwanzaa Celebration . FEBRUARY . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . 	0
15710010800257	This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . In this regard cultural diversity in the workplace mirrors many of the same issues at play in the realm of international business . In international business interactions people who have learned differing conceptions of normative behavior are forced to suspend judgment of one another . 	It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . The stress and anxiety that accompany this lack of support and affirmation cause their mental attention energy and efforts to be diffused between protecting their psyches from attack and attending to academic tasks . Thus stress adversely affects students daily academic performances by reducing their willingness to persist at academic tasks and interfering with the cognitive processes involved in learning Gougis 1986 p . 	0
15720181600645	This article . Please by adding . See the for details_may contain or original research unverified claims improve the article references talk page September 2007 . In the are issued by an of the state or territorial government and in the case of the the city government . Some tribes . The issues plates only for its own vehicle fleet and for . Until the 1980s diplomatic plates were issued by the state in which the consulate or embassy was located . United States license plates 1 agency District of Columbia Native American also issue plates U_S_ federal government vehicles owned by foreign diplomats . The appearances of plates are frequently chosen to contain symbols colours or slogans associated with the issuing . The term is frequently used in although in some areas is informally used . 	If all of the records are being withheld we must send you a response in writing . That writing must identify the volume and subject matter of the records being withheld and state the specific section of the Code of Virginia or federal law that allows us to withhold the records . We provide some of the records that you have requested but withhold other records . We cannot withhold an entire record if only a portion of it is subject to an exemption . In that instance we may redact the portion of the record that may be withheld and must provide you with the remainder of the record . We must provide you with a written response stating the specific section of the Code of Virginia that allows portions of the requested records to be withheld . We inform you in writing that the requested records cannot be found or do not exist we do not have the records you want . However if we know that another public body has the requested records we must include contact information for the other public body in our response to you . 	0
15730010800257	The United States has always been an immigrant culture . Aside from Native Americans the entire population has immigrant origins . The traditional view toward immigrants was that they would wish to assimilate to the dominant Anglo_Saxon population of the nation is earliest colonial settlers . The assimilation process according to the traditional view however was never expected to be total . 	Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . Students from groups of color may be convinced that their heritages have little of value to offer while those from dominant groups may have inflated notions about their significance . 	0
15740079902118	This is a and its purpose is to show how certain foods cause an average group of people to react . A food that has a very high number attached to it can be expected to be a trigger food for many people causing their bG to have a sudden fast rise or to spike out_of_proportion to the amount of food eaten . 	The annual scientific sessions are offered to diabetes community members to take active part in what is considered as the largest diabetes clinical and research meeting in the world . This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
15750085600109	This feature leads the homeowner and builders to begin thinking about the installation of a chimney a feat regarded as a necessity in any adobe building . The construction of the chimney can also greatly influence the construction of the roof supports creating an extra need for care in choosing the right materials . 	helping communities apply cooperative building techniques in earth architecture educate groups in fulfilling the widespread need for low cost salubrious energy efficient sustainable housing enhance rather than defile landscapes by designing solid contemporary structures of simple design which respect local climate environment and culture . Means to reach these goals include . the use of local renewable recycled resources and building materials to considerably reduce cost and environmental impact avoiding the use of industrial materials providing roofs in the configuration of adobe vaults and domes a unique yet ancient design feature which eliminates the use of wood an increasingly scarce natural resource designs which harness natural energy for heating and cooling . 	0
15760010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	Pluralism is a vital functional force in society even though it is not supported and embraced in institutional policies and practices e_g in housing authorities school districts and city government and in the habits of communities . Many culturally different individuals and groups have stopped trying to deny their ethnicity for the sake of being accepted unconditionally into mainstream society . They now insist that there is no inherent contradiction between allegiance to their own ethnic and cultural heritages and being an American . Instead these dual identities are complementary and should be respected and promoted . One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . 	0
15770181602057	This transit registration will allow the new owner to drive the vehicle and to properly register and obtain license plates for the vehicle from his state or province of residence . 	The standard was included as an amendment to the massive 58 billion transportation spending bill . By 2004 all states will be required to adopt the stricter standard or face penalties which include the loss of federal highway trust fund money ranging from 2_8 percent is determined depending on how soon after 2004 the standard is adopted . The fund collects money from a 4_3 federal gasoline tax and distributes it to states for building highways bridges and other infrastructures . 	0
15780075800306	By 2003 37 states and the District of Columbia offered federal and state e_filing . In 1992 for the first time individuals could file certain qualifying tax returns from home the Form 1040 TeleFile pilot program in Ohio processed 125 983 returns . 	However I was completely unaware that these were symptoms of diabetes and as a result I was down to 97 pounds and up to a blood sugar level of more than 700 by the time I was diagnosed . I spent four nights in the hospital over Memorial Day weekend while the rather inept general doctors struggled to bring my blood sugar down to reasonable levels and often fed me immediately after giving me a short of insulin to compensate for my highs . Eventually I received treatment from an endocrinologist a specialist of diabetes and other endocrine diseases and was able to go home with normal blood sugar levels . 	0
15790017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . 	Many parks beaches and lakes are closed to dogs because of irresponsible owners in this regard_You are responsible for your pet is behavior . Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . 	0
15800010800257	Finally the relatively high mobility of workers in the United States make it a reasonable assumption to hire employees from elsewhere in the country and expect them to move to the place of employment . 	Thus everyone involved must play an active role in implementing multicultural education . Promoting diversity means acknowledging diversity incorporating diversity into all levels and demonstrating pride in cultural pluralism along with a sincere belief that diversity is desirable . The actions taken in schools to adopt multicultural education should reflect the race language ethnicity habits and customs of ethnic groups throughout the global community . 	0
15810010800257	Women however are not a cultural group but rather represent one_half of every culture . While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . 	0
15820010803142	Women however are not a cultural group but rather represent one_half of every culture . While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	Learning of her mother fate Napoko daughter forces the elders to confront the truth . Based on a true story Delwende is a mother_daughter tale that examines some traditional customs in Africa and the role people play in exposing the injustices perpetrated against them . 	0
15830010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . 	Emphasizing these areas is part of multicultural education is goal of contributing to the personal development of students which contends that a better sense of self contributes to the overall intellectual academic and social achievement of students . Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . 	0
15840079902118	In fact for some women the idea of such rigid food scheduling is often the most difficult aspect of the plan . It just takes time to get used to the new routine but it will become easier over time_Mostly they are just a different pattern of eating with an emphasis on careful food combinations and timing _ so that your glycemic response is slowed down and the energy lasts longer it is also important to limit how many carbohydrates you are eating at one time . 	Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . 	0
15850085601388	It is then allowed to sit on a flat surface until the soil sediment has either collected on the bottom or remained a blended liquid . If the sediment collects on the bottom that indicates there is a high clay content and is good for adobe . If the mixture remains a liquid then there is little clay in the soil and using it would yield weak bricks_ cement rebar . The largest structure ever made from adobe bricks was the which suffered serious damage up to 80 by an earthquake on . 	Some visits conclude with conversions to Simone Swan is vision and way of life . On the way to Lajitas for example we found a small tribute to her art inspired by the domed structure she built in front of her house . 	0
15860133302696	It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . The triple fin and double deck were abandoned on subsequent models and the more common single fin was utilised . 	H_4 Hercules . The H_4 Hercules was originally contracted by the U_S_ government for use in as a viable way to transport troops and equipment across the Atlantic instead of sea_going troop transports that were liable to the threat of German . 	0
15870017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	There is a long period of ungainly and rebellious adolescence finally followed by mellow adulthood . They are really a bit of both they are informal statistical descriptions i_e stereotypes and to the extent that they reflect reality they are also facts . Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . 	0
15880085601388	Once the beams are laid across the building it is then time to begin the placing of adobe bricks to create the roof . An adobe roof is often laid with bricks slightly larger in width to ensure a larger expanse is covered when placing the bricks onto the beams . 	In fact the light spectacle never ceases from the weavings of sunlight on the walls and floors to the disappearing acts of the blue_violet solar power house against a momentary homogeneous color field in the sky . 	0
15890010800257	For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	by Geneva Gay . Introduction . Multicultural education means different things to different people . However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . 	0
15900041000658	Mir Wais successfully defeated the Persians who were attempting to convert the local population of Kandahar from to the sect of . Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . 	The Afghan artillery is effectiveness significantly increased through its continuous maneuver eventually bringing some guns to 500 yards from the British line . Artillery played a dominant role in the battle_13 . The British troops had better training and discipline and were supported by an organized logistic system . The Afghan army was an odd assortment of fighters with differing levels of training armament and organization . They were united only by common purpose . However there was no guarantee that the army would stay together for long since in the absence of a viable logistic support system most of the combatants were fending for themselves . Even the regular units depended on local supplies . Not surprisingly after the battle thousands of s left to carry their wounded and dead to their homes or just celebrated the victory and left_ghazi . 	0
15910010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
15920017302438	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . The following items were included in a first aid kit that the Cincinnati Veterinary Medical Association gave to police dog handlers at a recent workshop . A home first aid kit needs many of the same items . Dog Owner is Guide article . 	0
15930017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . 	0
15940010800257	Some of these groups were considered unassimilable because of marked behavioral differences . For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . 	Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
15950010800257	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . This is no small matter in a nation that on many occasions had scapegoated its Chinese community during periods of economic upheaval . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . 	0
15960085601388	If the sediment collects on the bottom that indicates there is a high clay content and is good for adobe . If the mixture remains a liquid then there is little clay in the soil and using it would yield weak bricks_ cement rebar . The largest structure ever made from adobe bricks was the which suffered serious damage up to 80 by an earthquake on . Other large adobe structures are the in with 100 million signed bricks the ciudellas of and both in Peru . 	Ironically in hindsight history shows us entire cities like Santa Fe in New Mexico capitalizing Disneyfied adobe architecture for the retiring gentry that populates it today while the local Native Americans settle for motor homes in the city is outskirts . Swan is contributions to the Southwestern tradition of flat roof adobe consists in adapting Fathy is millenary Nubian catenary vaults domes and courtyards as a natural and efficient thermal solution for social housing in hot and arid climates . Though the Roman vault and dome were fairly common in Mexican colonial temples they are virtually unknown in domestic uses . 	0
15970010800257	This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . 	One revealing sign of such inequality is the frequency with which racial hostilities are reported in headline news . Another is the absence of some ethnic groups such as Native Americans and Latinos in leadership positions and their virtual invisibility in the national popular culture . Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . 	0
15980079902118	It is important to note that Dr_ Tom Brewer showed in a number of studies that pre_eclampsia be related to inadequate intakes of protein and other nutrients though some dispute his research . Other studies have pointed to inadequate protein as a problem in diabetic pregnancies as well . 	What is continuing education and why is it important . Continuing education usually refers to a broad range of learning activities and training programs that aim to improve the knowledge and skills of an individual about a certain subject or topic which in this case is diabetes . In formal terms continuing education is like adult education because it usually extends beyond undergraduate and university studies . However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . 	0
15990085601388	The exterior of such a wall can be covered with glass to increase heat collection . In a home this is called a . Adobe has a relatively dense and is most useful in tropical climates . In temperate climates it is less effective to heat a structure this way due to heat leaching by the ground and walls . 	Or as Daniel Camacho one of the first Mexican homeowners and builders to apprentice with Swan puts it even wasps know how to build these structures no pun intended . Swan is building process not only embodies the principles underlying organic forms in nature but it also incorporates her talented assistants decorative details local color on exterior walls and certain structural adaptations . 	0
16000011900139	They were giants on the Earth in those days . The radiation from nuclear fallout also created the dinosaurs and other mutant creatures . This is why they have all died off . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
16010085601388	Adobe then can be described as dried bricks of cob stacked and mortared together with more adobe mixture to create a thick wall and or roof . Cob edit Roof materials . Depending on the materials available a roof can be assembled using lengths of wood or metal to create a frame work to begin layering adobe bricks . 	These experiences and other daily rituals at the Swan house which include showering outdoors perhaps under the stars renders a sense of ritualized observation which according to E_C . Krupp transforms a space into a temple or in James Turrell is words „as you plumb a space with vision it is possible to see yourself seeing . 	0
16020010800257	Belgium for instance officially has delineated which portions of the nation are French Flemish German or bilingual the latter limited to Brussels . While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . 	0
16030010800257	Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . Thomas indicated that diversity management must not be viewed as an us them kind of problem to be solved but as a resource to be managed . Beyond Race and Gender . 	by Geneva Gay . Introduction . Multicultural education means different things to different people . However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . 	0
16040017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . There will be some value that occurs most frequently the mode in the case of a perfectly symmetric curve like the one above this value will also be the average mean . Symmetric curves like this occur surprisingly frequently so I will continue to use it as an example . Here breed 1 is represented by and breed 2 is represented by o . 	0
16050174200884	The Finger Lakes Riesling . I often think of the Riesling grape as the Rodney Dangerfield of viticulture . It gets no respect . It will not be long before Finger Lakes Riesling will conjure up thoughts of greatness in the same way Napa Valley is connected to Cabernet Sauvignon . But let is step back into history for a moment . The Seneca and Cayuga Indians originally inhabited the region . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . 	0
16060174202922	The Finger Lakes Riesling . I often think of the Riesling grape as the Rodney Dangerfield of viticulture . It gets no respect . It will not be long before Finger Lakes Riesling will conjure up thoughts of greatness in the same way Napa Valley is connected to Cabernet Sauvignon . But let is step back into history for a moment . The Seneca and Cayuga Indians originally inhabited the region . 	All of this elegance fine food and terrific service come at a price of course 37 to be exact . The fixed price includes a drink appetizer main course and the desert presentation . Yes that is expensive significantly more for significantly less food than you can gorge yourself on most weekend brunch buffets on the Strip . 	0
16070085602677	Experience has shown that straw cement or manure added to a standard adobe mixture can all produce a strong brick . A general testing is done on the soil content first . To do so a sample of the soil is mixed into a clear container with some water creating an almost completely saturated liquid . After the jar is sealed the container is shaken vigorously for at least one minute . It is then allowed to sit on a flat surface until the soil sediment has either collected on the bottom or remained a blended liquid . If the sediment collects on the bottom that indicates there is a high clay content and is good for adobe . If the mixture remains a liquid then there is little clay in the soil and using it would yield weak bricks_ cement rebar . 	It is easy click your way through a clear hierarchical index or pan and zoom through the pages . Jump around the Encyclopedia via convenient links and cross_references . If you need a hard copy just print it out . Plus there is an access section so you can instantly email the best and brightest in the business . To inspire you even more we have added a full_color gallery of the best adobe and rammed earth homes out there . The Earthbuilder is Encyclopedia CD 43 Price includes priority mail to you and all applicable taxes . Make your check out to SWSA and send to . Adobe Builder P_O . Box 153 Bosque NM 87006 USAOr if you prefer . 	0
16080017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . Bring along a friend who can help you look at the dog more objectively . 	0
16090085602677	It is then allowed to sit on a flat surface until the soil sediment has either collected on the bottom or remained a blended liquid . If the sediment collects on the bottom that indicates there is a high clay content and is good for adobe . If the mixture remains a liquid then there is little clay in the soil and using it would yield weak bricks_ cement rebar . The largest structure ever made from adobe bricks was the which suffered serious damage up to 80 by an earthquake on . Other large adobe structures are the in with 100 million signed bricks the ciudellas of and both in Peru . 	Resources for . Adobe Homes Adobe Houses Bond Beams Clay Cob Count Rumford Electrical Fachwerk Adobe Fireplaces Foundations for Adobe Green Building Grubka Plasters Plumbing Pressed Block Rammed Earth Vigas . The orginal Earthbuilders Encyclopedia EECD was published in 1989 . It has been updated and expanded and the readers love it . From ADOBE to ZOQUETTE there is over 300 pages . This new Earthbuilders Encyclopedia is on CD_ROM . It is bundled with a free copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader® This slick program is the industry standard for presenting technical manuals and allows us to offer mucho más information . We have got color photos new in_depth expanded entries along with those classic line drawings all in an user_friendly format . 	0
16100181600645	United States historically have been changed cowboy Wyoming Tennessee parallelogram license plates have frequently featured a green and white color scheme while has preferred yellow and blue . Other states and provinces such as offer simpler schemes often with a white background and little decoration . Vermont Alaska California and have placed the address of the state is official or tourism on their general issue plates with to follow suit in July 2008 . 	From a practical perspective it may be helpful to both you and the person receiving your request to put your request in writing . This allows you to create a record of your request . It also gives us a clear statement of what records you are requesting so that there is no misunderstanding over a verbal request . However we cannot refuse to respond to your FOIA request if you elect to not put it in writing . Your request must identify the records you are seeking with reasonable specificity . This is a common_sense standard . 	0
16110041002863	Though the modern state of Afghanistan was founded or created in 1747 by the land has an ancient history and various timelines of different civilizations . Excavation of prehistoric sites by Louis Dupree the the and others suggests that humans were living in what is now Afghanistan at least 50 000 years ago and that farming communities of the area were among the earliest in the world . 	The accession of Zeman was the beginning of along quarrel that ended with the deposition of the Sadozai by the Muhammadzai who were of the largest and most powerful lineage of the Barakzai . Zeman is reign lasted only seven tumultuous years . Zeman is half_brothers rose in revolt every time he left Kabul to subdue a rebellion in an outlying area . 	0
16120181601326	In the are issued by an of the state or territorial government and in the case of the the city government . Some tribes . The issues plates only for its own vehicle fleet and for . Until the 1980s diplomatic plates were issued by the state in which the consulate or embassy was located . 	Essentially once you have filed a Personal Property tax return with the then you are not required to file again until there is a change in location or status . Commissioner of Revenue . How does Filing by Exception differ from the Annual Vehicle Filing . Each December the Treasurer mailed a decal application vehicle registration form to each vehicle owner . The form was required to be signed and returned to the City . 	0
16130010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . Thus in an international perspective managers must assess diversity differently depending on which nation or nations in which they find themselves . 	They believe that at best multicultural education is a philosophy a methodology for educational reform and a set of specific content areas within instructional programs . Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . And it requires changes in school programs policies and practices . 	0
16140017300189	Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . Spaying eliminates the possibility of uterine or ovarian cancer and greatly reduces the incidence of breast cancer particularly when your pet is spayed before her first estrous cycle . 	Never try to make a dog vicious . Such irresponsible treatment results in tragic stories of children and adults being mauled or even killed the dog being put down and various dog bans being enacted . A dog can protect you just fine by barking at suspicious noises and allowing you to investigate . It does not have to be vicious . A good protection dog is always well trained properly socialized and has a relationship with its owner that encourages it to be protective . 	0
16150016900736	In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	 1977 American Stars n Bars is the name of a 1977 unreleased album by and also of an from that period which is claimed to be of that album_Chrome Dr_ams Neil Young acetate . Jimmy McDonough is supports the claim that is indeed a bootlegged acetate with said title . A document that accompanied the acetate which Young is archivist has denounced as a fake gave the impression that Young had officially given as the title inspired by rumours in the press of a new album with the same title . Young is quoted as saying What really was was a sketch that drew of a grille and front of a 55 Chrysler and if you turned it on its end it was this beautiful chick I called it . 	0
16160083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . Archytas Moon edit The Archytas Curve . This section does not any _ cite references or sources . Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . 	Many of the theorems in Euclid is were first proved by Eudoxus . While Pythagoras had been horrified by the discovery of irrational numbers Eudoxus is famous for incorporating them into arithmetic . He also developed the earliest techniques of the infinitesimal calculus . Eudoxus or Pythagoras? was the first person known to have recognized that the Earth rotates around the Sun_Elements . Four of Eudoxus most famous discoveries were the volume of a cone extension of arithmetic to the irrationals summing formula for geometric series and viewing as the limit of polygonal perimeters . None of these seems difficult today but it does seem remarkable that they were all first achieved by the same man . Eudoxus has been quoted as saying Willingly would I burn to death like Ph_eton were this the price for reaching the sun and learning its shape its size and its substance . 	0
16170016900736	Out of My Mind Young 3 05 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . 	Although has never had an official release a number of unofficial versions have been released_Shakey . Neil Young is BiographyChrome Dr_ams 1 Joel Bernstein Chrome Dr_amsChrome Dr_ams David Briggs Chrome Dr_ams The Guardian 2 Chrome Dr_ams 3 . On Neil Young released a new album entitled . October 23 2007 Chrome Dr_ams II 4 . Contents . 	0
16180011901829	Although all of the karma has been released upon Earth each initiate as they embody all 1024 strands of DNA must release this karma on a cellular level to completely transcend the influence of karma within their individual life experience . 	News has location and it is mapped . Mobile web users use Mapperz Mobile Page 23 October 2008 . Official Google Maps API Reverse Geocoder New . What is Reverse Geocoding? finding an associated textual location such as a street address from geographic coordinates_ source wiki geocoding . Clicking the map sends the latitude and longitude to the Google Geocoder Servers the nearest address is returned . click the image above to view the new official example . Finally after many months of Google Map API Team have released the Google Reverse Geocoder asking . 	0
16190010803142	Carnevale Anthony Patrick and Susan Carol Stone . New York . McGraw_Hill 1995_The American Mosaic . Clifford James . Cambridge MA . Harvard University Press 1988_The Predicament of Culture . Cox Taylor Jr . San Francisco . Berrett_Koehler Publishers 1993_Cultural Diversity in Organizations . Faird Elashmawia and Ph_lip Harris . Houston TX . 	Dizzy Gillespie All_Star Big Band from 2 5 pmSaturday Sept . 6 2008 in the David A_ Portlock Cultural Center . OID Welcome Back BBQ . As part of this year is Latino Heritage Month Lafayette is Portlock Black Cultural Center will host an exhibit featuring the art of Costa Rican artist Sofia Ruiz_Ugalde_Monday Sept . 15 Friday Oct . 24 2008 10 am 4 pm David A_ Portlock Black Cultural Center . Ojo Joven de Costa Rica works by Sof Ruiz_Ugalde of Costa Rica . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . 	0
16200097700181	Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 1886 Sauk Rapids Tornado tornado Sauk Rapids St . Cloud Rice Minnesota April 14 1886 Iowa Kansas Missouri Texas outbreak . Contents edit Tornado . Destruction in Sauk Rapids after the tornado . At 4 00 p_m_ a tornado of approximately intensity cut through the heart of Sauk Rapids . It was one of at least four tornadoes that affected the region between 3 00 p_m . 5 00 p_m_ that day . 	Canada is ten deadliest individual tornadoes to June 2008 according to Environment Canada figures in the list are their accepted tallies have been . Regina Saskatchewan June 30 1912 28 dead hundreds injured . Edmonton Alberta July 31 1987 27 dead 300 injured . Windsor Ontario June 17 1946 17 dead . Pine Lake Alberta July 14 2000 12 dead 140 injured . Valleyfield Quebec August 16 1888 9 dead 14 injured . Windsor Ontario April 3 1974 9 dead 30 injured . Barrie Ontario May 31 1985 8 dead 155 injured . Sudbury Ontario August 20 1970 6 dead 200 injured . St_Rose Quebec June 14 1892 6 dead 26 injured . Buctouche New Brunswick August 6 1879 5 dead 10 injured . Destruction resulting from tornado striking Regina SK on 30 June 1912 . Ph_to courtesy Library and Archives Canada . 	0
16210174201455	Canandaigua which is 16 miles long with the smallest number of wineries 4 but also contains the NY Wine Culinary Center at the northern end in the town of Canandaigua . Keuka Lake is 22 miles long with Hammondsport at the southern end and has the highest elevation of any of the major lakes . 	January 1 2009 8 a_m_ to 3 p_m . Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . 	0
16220174200884	Canandaigua which is 16 miles long with the smallest number of wineries 4 but also contains the NY Wine Culinary Center at the northern end in the town of Canandaigua . Keuka Lake is 22 miles long with Hammondsport at the southern end and has the highest elevation of any of the major lakes . 	The 50_acre village still under construction will have a 40 000_square_foot casino boutique retail shops restaurants office space and luxury condominiums starting in the 300 000s . Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . 	0
16230078901548	Carrier catapult launches at maximum weight under these performance_robbing conditions were not significantly better and were characterized by the aircraft decelerating by as much as 20 knots 37 km h immediately after launch . As a result A_7A units operated their aircraft 4 thousand pounds below the max_rated takeoff weight for the A_7E . 6 7 . 	Built in an amazing 16 months at Newport News Virginia Yorktown was commissioned on April 15 1943 . Yorktown participated significantly in the Pacific Offensive that began in late 1943 and ended with the defeat of Japan in 1945 . 	0
16240078902120	Carrier catapult launches at maximum weight under these performance_robbing conditions were not significantly better and were characterized by the aircraft decelerating by as much as 20 knots 37 km h immediately after launch . As a result A_7A units operated their aircraft 4 thousand pounds below the max_rated takeoff weight for the A_7E . 6 7 . 	The carrier completed the overhaul in March 1977 and departed the shipyard April 1 of that year to return to San Diego_Kitty HawkHawkTomcatVikingTerrierSea Sparrow . 	0
16250133302696	The sponsoring airlines and United decided to ask instead for a smaller and simpler derivative but before the definitive DC_4 could enter service the outbreak of the Second World War meant production was channeled to the and the type was given the military designation . Additional versions used by the were designated . The first aircraft a C_54 flew from in on . June 7 1938 Benny Howard Eastern United States Army Air Forces C_54 Skymaster US Navy R5D Clover Field Santa Monica California February 14 1942 . 	World War II U_Boats birch spruce . The Hercules has the biggest of any aircraft ever built at 319 ft 11 in 97_54 m the next largest wingspan is about 30 ft 9 m shorter but it is neither the longest nor the heaviest both of those titles are held by the . It is the largest flying boat and the largest aircraft made from wood_ wingspan Antonov An_225 18 . 	0
16260078902120	It was selected as the winner on and on the company received a contract for the initial batch of aircraft designated . In 1965 the aircraft received the popular name after Vought is highly successful of . There was also a Vought biplane scout and observation aircraft in 1920s . Vought Douglas Aircraft Grumman North American Aviation F_8 Crusader 11 February 1964 19 March A_7Corsair II F4U Corsair World War II O2U Corsair . 	The ship also replaced the Surface_to_Air missile system with the NATO system and added elevators and modified weapons magazines to provide an increased capability for handling and stowing the newer larger air launched weapons . The carrier completed the overhaul in March 1977 and departed the shipyard April 1 of that year to return to San Diego_Kitty HawkHawkTomcatVikingTerrierSea Sparrow . 	0
16270016900896	Everybody is Wrong Stills 2 29 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Flying on the Ground Is Wrong Young 2 40 . Recorded September 10 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California and September 11 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Burned Young 2 18 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 06 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Leave Stills 2 45 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Out of My Mind Young 3 09 . 	Beautiful Bluebird was first recorded for the original version of that was shelved by Geffen Records Boxcar was a track on the unreleased album which was scrapped in favor of the more commercially viable and Ordinary People which was recorded in 1988 for the album was highly regarded as one of Young is greatest unreleased songs and was often played live during the Sponsored By Nobody tour with The Bluenotes to promote the album . This was the album is first single and was sent to radio on Monday September 10th . The length of this track clocking in at 18 13 makes it hard to program into today is limited radio playlists so it was initially heard on radio web sites_Chrome Dr_ams II Old Ways Times Square Freedom This Note is for You 3 . 	0
16280011900139	The Unconscious is a parallel plane of reality in which the exact polar opposite experience to that which is physically manifested is simultaneously recorded . So for example if one is extremely heavy on the physical plane they will be extremely thin in their unconscious manifestation . If they are extremely outgoing and social on the physical plane they will be a hermit on the unconscious plane . 	Cite this Page . The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . For example Grenvillian Orogeny is used to refer to the period of orogenesis in many parts of the world approximately one billion years ago synchronous with the collision between Laurentia and Baltica in the Grenville Province of . Areas in which mountain building have occurred in the past although no mountains may remain today are called orogens or orogenic belts_ mountain chains orosgeneia North America . 	0
16290016900896	In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . 	 2008 Sugar Mountain Live At Canterbury House 1968 is the 30th studio album by Canadian rock musician . The album was released on . The album is a sequel to a legendary Neil Young album from 1977 that had originally been scheduled for release but was shelved in favor of _ was produced by Young and aka The Volume Dealers and features the ensemble of drummer pedal steel guitarist and dobro player and bassist Rick Rosas . 	0
16300133302696	The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . 	H_4 Hercules . The H_4 Hercules was originally contracted by the U_S_ government for use in as a viable way to transport troops and equipment across the Atlantic instead of sea_going troop transports that were liable to the threat of German . 	0
16310010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . 	0
16320017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . There will be some value that occurs most frequently the mode in the case of a perfectly symmetric curve like the one above this value will also be the average mean . Symmetric curves like this occur surprisingly frequently so I will continue to use it as an example . Here breed 1 is represented by and breed 2 is represented by o . 	0
16330017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	no_ with score . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o o . o o . o o . o . o aggressiveness score the centers of the two curves are clearly separated from which you would conclude that the breeds differ to some degree in aggressiveness there is some overlap so that the most aggressive breed 1 dogs are substantially more agressive than the average breed 2 dog and the least aggressive breed 2 dogs are substantially less aggressive than the average breed 1 dog . Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
16340017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	To give patients with problems in either or both systems the best possible care you need to know normal anatomy and physiology of the systems specific disorders in each system assessment methods and treatments . Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . 	0
16350016900898	Everybody is Wrong Stills 2 23 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Flying on the Ground Is Wrong Young 2 40 . Recorded September 10 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California and September 11 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Burned Young 2 16 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 01 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . 	There is a passing indelicate word but otherwise unless a parent is implacably opposed to rock_and_roll there seems little reason to prevent children from seeing this film . Rust Never Sleeps directed by Bernard Shakey camera Paul Goldsmith Jon Else Robby Greenberg Hiro Nrita Richard Pearce Daniel Pearl edited by Mr . Shakey music by Neil Young and others produced by L_A . Johnson Shakey Pictures Inc_ presents a film by Neil Young an International Harmony Release . At the Palladium 14th Street between 3rd and 4th Avenues . Running time 103 minutes . 	0
16360017300189	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Symmetric curves like this occur surprisingly frequently so I will continue to use it as an example . Here breed 1 is represented by and breed 2 is represented by o . Notice a couple of things . The significance you attribute to the results depends on the shape and position of the curves but in most cases there will be substantial variation within groups and at least some overlap between groups . 	0
16370016900898	Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	Film . Neil Young is Rock . New York Times August 16 1979 . Rock films come in two categories . More common is the film designed solely for an act is fans . But some appeal beyond the cult to the general public as in Richard Lester is two Beatles movies . Neil Young is Rust Never Sleeps which opens a limited run at the Palladium today might seem to be in the latter category . In fact it is very much a fan film . Its credentials as a message beyond the cult rest largely on its extra_musical conceits . Instead of being a straight concert documentary Rust Never Sleeps calls itself a concert fantasy . As he was during last fall is tour at which this was filmed Mr . 	0
16380017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	As with any other such weapon use it ignorantly or indiscriminately at your peril . Books . One word of warning on breed specific books . In general avoid the TFH KW series readily available in most pet stores . These are small books about 150 pages . Most of them recommend pet stores as a source for puppies blithely talk of the joys of breeding and contain very little actual breed_specific information . Instead there is a large amount of general information repeated from book to book and what amounts to advertising for a number of brands of dog products . 	0
16390010800257	Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . 	Another indication of this social deficiency is the persistence of stereotypic attitudes toward ethnic groups . In a recent study of ethnic images Smith 1990 reports that negative perceptions of groups of color especially AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are common in contemporary society . These groups are still considered to be less hardworking more violent less intelligent and more unpatriotic than Anglos . 	0
16400010801758	Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . 	For me BASF represents more than just a chance but the realization of my fathers dream . The opportunity to learn another language and to see the world was beyond my fathers imagination . Ive been to and seen places he will continue to dream about only in his next life . And what a great feeling it is for a father to watch his daughter live a life that was once just a speck of hope in his mind . 	0
16410017300189	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . 	Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . 	0
16420017302438	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . 	Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . Together skeletal tissue and muscle tissue are important parts of the functioning of the body as a whole . The skin is not just a simple thin covering which keeps the body together . 	0
16430016901717	In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	From a Billy Talbot interview in Martin Jones Australia is from 11 19 03 . BigPond I think to play Greendale it is a much tastier piece of music than we have done in a while . We kind of like feel that when we first started playing and we were playing Down By The River and Cinnamon Girl and stuff like that from Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere when we were first out there we used to play with the same kind of touch a similar kind of touch that is in Greendale . So we feel really fortunate that we were able to come up with that kind of stuff again . There was not a concept when we started Talbot recalls the birth of the narrative_based Greendale album . There was the driven idea that we wanted to re_invent ourselves so to speak . 	0
16440017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . He does not suffer any kind of emotional reaction or identity crisis when neutered_Fact . But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . 	Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . 	0
16450017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . Expect some fear and nervousness . A few doggy treats may help calm it . If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . 	0
16460016901717	Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	And we did not know what it was going to be and we got it down on tape and it just started going from there . And the next time he came in with a song it had some of the characters in it from the song before . He did not know he was going to do that he was just following his nose the muse and that is how it started happening . Before long after about three songs we started to realise what was going on here . But he never tried to think it out he let it happen . I m sure it is just like a you know a fine carpenter who builds something and knows it is good and other people appreciate it says Talbot . 	0
16470066002320	I was a regular listener and remember a show on which Lydon is guests included bloggers before most people had heard the word and launched a program blog at . 	The Muppet there will be a 5_year_old orphan . The show will not deal with how she got the virus or how it transmitted . The show will try to remove the stigma of HIV infection for its audience in the 3_6 age range . One script demonstrates that it okay to play with HIV_positive kids and have physical contact with them Cole said . 	0
16480017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . 	A little on the lightweight side nevertheless it gives a good outline of what you should know about your puppy or dog . You can use this to decide how much you do know and where you need to brush up on what you do not . 	0
16490017300189	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . 	Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . Bring along a friend who can help you look at the dog more objectively . Breeders . Remember though no breeder is automatically responsible or ethical just from the source you were referred from . 	0
16500016901717	Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 01 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Baby Do not Scold Me Stills 3 04 . 	We just can not stop ourselves from becoming that . It just becomes big when everybody does that and has the same feeling a certain amount of energy gets out there that is hard to look away from . Asked about how he felt replacing Danny Whitten as the Crazy Horse lead guitar . I never felt I could replace Danny and to this day I can not play like Danny . Every once in a while Neil will say you should listen to the record or Billy will say just listen to what Danny did . I try not to . Danny had what he did and I think it is very special . 	0
16510016901717	Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	Years of the Horse Tales of the 3rd Best Garage Band in the World . Neil Young News . Bill Graham once called Crazy Horse the 3rd Best Garage Band in the World . That was back in the 80 is and it is unclear whether that rank has gone up or down since then . Irregardless it hardly matters to Neil Young and Crazy Horse where they rate . Neil Young is producer arranger on the masterpiece Broken Arrow has stated that Crazy Horse was the American equivalent of The Rolling Stones . IMHO Crazy Horse is to Neil Young what . As perfect a complement as tequila and salt . Jack Nitzsche The Band was to Bob Dylan . As they say in Prisoner is of Rock_n_Roll they do not want to be good . 	0
16520017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The millions of dogs that must be put down annually in the US are the result of owner irresponsibility about their pet is reproduction_You are responsible for your dog is reproduction . This means keeping your dog under control . Do not let it roam do not let it become a nuisance to others in your neighborhood . Keep it on a leash when walking so that it does not run up to other people or dogs and bother them . 	0
16530016902766	Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	Stills estimates that the album took somewhere in the neighborhood of 800 hours of studio time to record this figure may be exaggerated even though the individual tracks display meticulous attention to detail . 1 . In May 1970 two months after the album was released the group recorded Neil Young is quickly penned response to the . That single backed with Stephen Stills was released in late June of the same year making it to #14 on the Billboard Hot 100 notwithstanding its accusatory sentiment . Kent State shootings Ohio Find the Cost of Freedom . In 2003 the album was ranked number 147 on magazine is list of . The same year the TV network named the 61st greatest album of all time . The album ranked at #14 for the Top 100 Albums of 1970 and #217 overall by . 	0
16540083102546	According to this demonstration which uses lines generated by moving figures to construct the two proportionals between magnitudes was the first in which geometry was studied with concepts of mechanics . The which he used in his solution of the doubling the cube problem is named after him . 	Euclid ranks #14 on Michael Hart is famous list of the Most Influential Persons in History_ introduced the notions of axiom and theorem . It was used as a textbook for 2000 years and in fact is still the basis for high school geometry making Euclid the leading mathematics teacher of all time . Some think his best inspiration was recognizing that the Parallel Postulate must be an axiom rather than a theorem_The Division of the ScaleThe OpticsThe CartoptricsThe ElementsThe Elements . Top 287_212 BC Greece of SyracuseArchimedes . Archimedes studied at Euclid is school probably after Euclid is death but his work far surpassed the works of Euclid . Archimedes made advances in number theory and algebra but his greatest contributions were in geometry . 	0
16550016902994	Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Pay the Price Stills 2 36 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . In 1997 was remastered and issued with two versions on the same CD the mono tracks from Atco 33_200 first then the stereo tracks from SD 33_200A . Not contained were the stereo mix of Baby Do not Scold Me from Atco SD 33_200 or the mono mix of For What It is Worth from Atco 33_200A_Buffalo Springfield . 	For Cragg Old Black is a nightmare . Young will not permit the ancient frets to be changed likes his strings old and used and the Bigsby causes the guitar to go out of tune constantly . At sound check everything will work great . Neil picks up the guitar and for some reason that is when things go wrong . For more on Larry Cragg and Neil Young is guitars check out this and this interview on _ interview amplifiers . 	0
16560017300189	Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . Dogs acquired for this reason often wind up in the shelters when the parents find out that they are the dog is primary caretaker_You are still responsible for the dog when you get one for your kid . Find some good books and read up . 	0
16570016902994	Everybody is Wrong Stills 2 23 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Flying on the Ground Is Wrong Young 2 40 . Recorded September 10 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California and September 11 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Burned Young 2 16 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Neil Young . Do I Have to Come Right Out and Say It Young 3 01 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Richie Furay . Baby Do not Scold Me Stills 3 04 . Recorded September 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Out of My Mind Young 3 05 . 	The tours are out of the ordinary the music the movies everything is out of the ordinary . We do things differently around here . That is just the way it is . Cragg was tinkering with Young is guitar rig which sat in a little area to the rear of the stage . A gaggle of amps a Magnatone a huge transistorized Baldwin Exterminator a Fender Reverb unit and the heart of it all a small weather_beaten box covered in worn_out tweed 1959 vintage . The Deluxe muttered amp tech Sal Trentino with awe . Neil is got four hundred and fifty_six identical Deluxes . They sound nothing like this one . Young runs the amp with oversized tubes and Cragg has to keep portable fans trained on the back so it does not melt down . It really is ready to just go up in smoke and it sounds that way flat_out overdriven ready to self_destruct . 	0
16580017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	Check the vets in your area and pick out one before you even get your dog . Take your dog in to the vet immediately after acquiring it and take it in regularly thereafter . You will have expenses for yearly shots and in many areas heart_worm preventive . Puppies and dogs routinely die without adequate veterinary care_You are responsible for its health . Never chain it up in the back yard or encourage it to snarl and bite other people . Never try to make a dog vicious . Such irresponsible treatment results in tragic stories of children and adults being mauled or even killed the dog being put down and various dog bans being enacted . A dog can protect you just fine by barking at suspicious noises and allowing you to investigate . It does not have to be vicious . A good protection dog is always well trained properly socialized and has a relationship with its owner that encourages it to be protective . 	0
16590016902994	Everybody is Wrong Stills 2 23 . Recorded August 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California . Lead vocal . Stephen Stills . Flying on the Ground Is Wrong Young 2 40 . Recorded September 10 1966 Gold Star Studios Los Angeles California and September 11 Columbia Recording Studio Hollywood California . 	He will say Larry there is a hundred and seventeen volts coming out of the wall is not there . I will go measure it and yeah sure he can hear the difference . Shakey is innovations are everywhere . Intent on controlling amp volume from his guitar instead of the amp Young had a remote device designed called the Whizzer . Guitarists marvel at the stomp box that lies onstage at Young is feet a byzantine gang of effects that can be utilized without any degradation to the original signal . Just constructing the box is angular red wooden housing to Young is extreme specifications had craftsmen pulling their hair out . 	0
16600017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
16610063500265	In the city the population was spread out with 27_6 under the age of 18 9_8 from 18 to 24 35_4 from 25 to 44 21_3 from 45 to 64 and 6_0 who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females there were 111_5 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over there were 111_7 males . The median income for a household in the city was 45 438 and the median income for a family was 49 276 . 	This page contains links to other web sites that will help with your quest to learn more about our history . Use your browser is Back Arrow to get back to this site . Issaquah History Links The Press periodically prints articles about our area is history . Here is an extensive collection of links to articles archived on the Issaquah Press web site . History Articles in the Issaquah Press Online Archives A step back in time and a brief look at some of the activity on or near Squak Lake now called Lake Sammamish Lake Sammamish History . Eastside History Links . Eastside Heritage Center formed from Bellevue Historical Society Marymoor Museum of Eastside History . Bellevue Historical Society site of the former Bellevue Historical Society  . 	0
16620017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	The simulation is a basic EMS emergency care scenario . A brief outline will precede the actual decision making process . Less Stress will try to publish a new EMS scenario every month as an invitation to check in with us occasionally . Please be patient they look simple but they are a lot of work . a free public service . We hope to provide you with all the information you need to learn the basics The lymenet_org site has expert advice about prevention of tick bites plus management and recovery from Lyme disease . View at the Iowa State site and the Lyme Disease . MedicineNet describes insect sting reactions and prevention . In the dog days of summer the bees are getting restless . MedicineNet on those annoying reminders that you are not as graceful as you wish you were . A pretty extensive article on boo_boos with links to more . 	0
16630063500908	The median income for a household in the city was 45 438 and the median income for a family was 49 276 . Males had a median income of 33 056 versus 24 583 for females . 	 History . The 1_45 acres of land on which our present day wetland sits has had a varied history . In the early 1950s the land on the East Side of the property was used as a mink fox farm owned by the Elkin brothers Fred and Wil . They sold the farm to the Howe family in 1952 . The Howe family used the property on the corner of 208 Avenue and Union Hill for pasture_th They raised white_faced cattle for several years before selling the property to the Lake Washington School District to build an elementary school . 	0
16640174200884	The Neuberger Museum features exhibitions of modern contemporary and emerging artists as well as the countrys only permanent exhibition of African art . My choice for lodging for the second night was the Doral Arrowwood in Rye Brook . I had celebrated a birthday there a few years ago and remembered their many recreation facilities set on 114 wooded acres . 	The Ritz which has built its reputation on impeccable service complements the sophistication and elegance displayed at the resort east of Henderson with its lush championship golf courses Hyatt Regency and million_dollar custom homes on 10 miles of man_made lake shoreline . The 170 million hotel built by Perini Building Co is seen as the centerpiece for the 500 million Mediterranean_themed MonteLago Village a joint development of Intrawest Corp_ and Cook Inlet Region Inc . 	0
16650017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . 	Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
16660017302438	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . 	We have also included access to our new First Aid Quick Guide which will give you concise information on what to do for the most common emergencies . This online manual has been designed to help a first responder in most emergency situations by providing simple to follow treatment sections . Emergency situations require prompt action and an untrained first responder can often find themselves at a loss to know what to do . We hope this manual will assist first responders to provide first aid efficiently and effectively . While this online manual is a valuable resource we encourage every person to attend an accredited first aid course at the earliest convenience . 	0
16670017302438	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . 	With a good medical dictionary and diligent efforts one might be able to grasp 90 of the information but without advanced training and interest I would suggest simply passing over the big words concepts and soaking in whatever makes obvious sense to you . You can come back to this bulletin after more advanced training . Along the same lines but for low temperature environments is the somewhat less intense which should be a bit easier to assimilate . Medical emergencies do not occur every day . But when they do information can help you deal with these situations . 	0
16680181602057	The sticker is usually placed on one corner of the plate while the month of the year in which the plate would expire is printed in an opposing corner . Some jurisdictions combine the year and month on one sticker . 	In July 1996 the Ohio Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the Administrative Lic_nse Suspension ALS portion of Ohios drunk driving law which allows for the immediate suspension of the license of a person stopped for drunk driving and either refusing to take a blood alcohol content test or taking the test and failing . However the court voided a provision of the drunk driving law that permitted the state to seize the vehicle without a prior hearing when the driver was not the owner . 	0
16690108500217	Mandatory retirement based on age is permitted for . Executives over age 65 in high policy_making positions who are entitled to a pension over a minimum yearly amount . 	Trans people may find voting to be an intimidating process for many reasons . Guide online in PDF atOctober 2006 Washington DC www_nctequality_org . New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene is considering a rule change that would allow transgender people born in NYC to have their birth certificates amended . For more information vist the FAQ on the Sylvia Rivera Law Project is site . 	0
16700011900488	According to Universal records there is an inter_dimensional tear between our 3rd dimensional universe and a neighboring 5th dimensional universe . 	Science editors appointed for the journal . a professor in the Department of Geology at Utah State University studies deformation and fluid flow in the upper 10 km of the Earth is crust using mapping laboratory measurements geochemistry computer graphics and structural analysis . 	0
16710017300498	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	This stage may last 3 or 4 days or as long as 7 to 11 days . The female may be receptive a day or two past the time when she would still be fertile . In order to be sure that the breeding is taking place at the optimum time vaginal smears and blood tests can be done by a veterinarian beginning before estrus and through the estral phase_proestrusestrus . 	0
16720041000658	On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . 	Options open to Burrows included a bold attack at the flank of the Afghan columns before they could deploy or a defense along the ravine at the edge of Mahmudabad and Khik villages . The formation taken up by the brigade did not support either offensive or defensive action . The Afghan army detected the British brigade is movement as it neared Mahmudabad . 	0
16730010800257	In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . 	0
16740017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
16750010800257	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	By becoming more aware that they are products of their cultures and live within given value and symbol systems and by reflecting on this condition educators can free themselves from the tyranny of their own cultures and free children from the damaging effects of premature inaccurate and prejudiced interpretations of their culturally induced behavior Spindler 1987a . 	0
16760010801758	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	I was Russian he was Hispanic and there was significant age difference but this did not prevent us from becoming good friends and reflecting fondly on our first meeting . Where else . Where else can you gawk at tons of steel and concrete miles of pipeline gargantuan reactors and towering columns like in Port Arthur TX . 	0
16770088701813	Located near it covers 124 acres 0_5 km and includes Occoneechee Mountain the highest point 867 ft in and a settlement of the tribe_Occoneechee Mountain State Natural Area North Carolina state park Orange County North Carolina United States Durham Orange County Occaneechi edit History . 	Silk Hope goat cheese with green tomato preserves Black pepper Il Duca with pear and honey Paesano with pickled beet and olive oil Grilled bruschetta with sunny side up egg shaved prosciutto arugula and parmesan . Second Course . Butternut squash ravioli with wilted greens toasted pumpkin seeds pumpkin oil and parmeggiano e burro Cider glazed pork shank with cabbage risotto Spaghetti alla carbonara pasta with house_cured pancetta garlic wilted spinach breadcrumbs and parmesan egg sauce Pasta pirata tagliolini with crab calamari shrimp and arame in spicy tomato sauce Bollito Misto . Sliced steak with boiled potatoes little carrots roasted onions pork belly braised chicken parmesan and herbs in meat broth . 	0
16780079900398	Shoulder dystocia where the shoulders get stuck is a legitimate area of concern for babies of diabetic pregnancies because of possible asymetric fetal growth shoulders trunk too big but many babies of well_controlled gd pregnancies are around 9 lbs_ without having asymmetric growth . 	1800 calorie type 2 diabetes diet hispanics and diabetes pravachol for diabetes diabetes treatment and cure_ juvenile diabetes sport id_ diabetes mellitis_ american diabetes organization diabetes discussion_ juvenile diabetes insulin dependent complications of diabetes mellitus blood diabetes machine testing _ type 2 diabetes meal plans diabetes info . 	0
16790075800306	Exhibit 1 . During the first e_filing season in 1986 only some individual taxpayers and individual income tax forms qualified for e_filing . By contrast in the 2003 tax year almost all individual taxpayers and approximately 99 of all individual forms qualified for e_filing . 	If only they would realize that a little extra money spent on care could save them oodles of money on the of poor health care article on diabetes in The New York Times do notpreventativeresults . Having read my thoughts please read the article . If the issues surrounding diabetes and or the larger issue of American health care interest you I hope you will continue to investigate on your own _ for this post . 	0
16800119600081	She is buried in nearby next to her son Vivian . A life_size effigy of Lionel stands at their feet . Plandome New York 2 Roslyn Cemetery edit References . See v of the Preface by Isabel Raphael in the 2001 reissue of the text . 	What made this an extraordinary event was that the spirit communicated through rapping noises audible to onlookers . The evidence of the senses appealed to practically minded Americans and the Fox sisters became a sensation . Kate and Margaret Fox Hydesville New York 1 2 from had long been acquainted with the Fox family and took the two girls into their home in the late spring of 1848 . 	0
16810010800257	This necessarily affects Japanese attitudes toward diversity or even the ability of the Japanese to see diversity as an important issue in other countries . 	Each reason plays an important and unique role in establishing the justifications parameters and directions for multicultural education . Social Realities . The United States is extremely culturally pluralistic socially stratified and racially divided . 	0
16820010803142	This necessarily affects Japanese attitudes toward diversity or even the ability of the Japanese to see diversity as an important issue in other countries . 	The blame falls on Napoko who is chased from the village . Learning of her mother fate Napoko daughter forces the elders to confront the truth . Based on a true story Delwende is a mother_daughter tale that examines some traditional customs in Africa and the role people play in exposing the injustices perpetrated against them . French African Voices Tournees Film Festival at Lafayette College presentsDelwende . 	0
16830010803142	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . 	0
16840017302438	The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Both are essential parts of the complex structure that is the body . The skeletal system has a major role in the total structure of the body but bones and joints alone cannot produce movement . 	0
16850010803142	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . 	Since 1990 he has served on the summer faculty of the Harvard Institutes for Higher Education . In 1995 he joined the faculty of the Summer Institute for Intercultural Communication . He has also been an adjunct faculty member of the Federal Executive Institute since 1999 . His recent books include and published by Teachers College Press_The Quad Sept_20th 1_5pm . 	0
16860017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . 	0
16870072101245	The band that Harold is describing includes 76 110 over a thousand reeds and fifty mounted cannon actually quite popular in bands of the time if such a band actually existed it would be at least a tenth of a mile long_ marching band trombone trombones cornets . 	There were bells on a hill But I never heard them ringing No I never heard them at all Till there was you There were birds in the sky But I never saw them winging No I never saw them at all Till there was you Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows Of dawn and dew There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all Till there was you Then there was music and wonderful roses They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows Of dawn and dew There was love all around But I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all Till there was you Till there was you . 	0
16880017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The significance you attribute to the results depends on the shape and position of the curves but in most cases there will be substantial variation within groups and at least some overlap between groups . This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . 	0
16890119600081	Her later works include 1888 later rewritten as 1905 1896 considered one of the best of her plays and 1911 the children is novel for which she is probably best known today_ was published in 1915 and was published in Canada in 1922_ was published in 1911 and was one of s favorite books mentioned in . 	One well known case is that of who grieving the loss of her son organized s ances in the which were attended by her husband President . The surge of interest in Spiritualism during and after the and was a direct response to the massive casualties . Mary Todd Lincoln White House Abraham Lincoln 9 American Civil War World War I 13 . 	0
16900174200884	Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . 	0
16910010800257	This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
16920017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	Typical means characteristic of the type and is a statistical abstraction it does not have any normative implications i_e there is no claim that all or even most examples of the type in question have the characteristics that are stated to be typical . 	0
16930017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The adoption fee usually is less than the cost of a purebred from other sources . Backyard breeder is a nebulous ill_defined term often applied to people who have unplanned litters or who breed for profit as sort of a cottage industry . A better term is probably Ignorant or Careless breeders . By whatever name they are not a good source . 	0
16940174200884	It is 2_3 of all varieties in sales and has the same market share as Zinfandel 2_3 but is only 10 of Chardonnays market share . It is also #2 in case volume growth for the past year Pinot Noir is #1 . All these facts are from November 2008 Wine Business Monthly . 	No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . 	0
16950079900398	Also 3 regular vegetables together total 15 g of carbs or one whole serving which can throw off your totals . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
16960079902118	Also 3 regular vegetables together total 15 g of carbs or one whole serving which can throw off your totals . 	Through continuing education professionals hope to one day extend the knowledge about diabetes not only to professionals and patients but also to other members of the community in order to someday come up with a more integrated and comprehensive approach to diabetes treatment and eventually its cure . 	0
16970152500165	In some transcription systems emphasis is shown by capitalizing the letter for example is written D in others the letter is underlined or has a dot below it for example . 	Shown here is a theoretical Environmental Facts label I mocked up with the photo on a fake product by . Feel free to critique the label in the Comments . The text gives quantitative details of production and a full list of ingredients it is effectively a life_cycle analysis of the product written in a compact summarized form . 	0
16980017302438	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 	0
16990097700181	In all 72 people were killed by the twister including 38 in Sauk Rapids and 20 in . 	Meandering to the coast it spared St Mary is Church and the Presbyterian Church but took out the Bouctouche Church before it moved offshore as a waterspout_New York Times . As it moved across the region it tore the arches from the bridge south of the channel and stripped a mill of its covering . 	0
17000079900398	All carbs are NOT equal some provoke stronger and faster blood sugar rises than others . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
17010010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . This argument is further justified by claims made about the reciprocal relationship between selfconcept academic achievement ethnicity culture and individual identity . Many students have internalized the negative and distorted conceptions of their own and other ethnic groups a process that has been promoted in larger society . 	0
17020017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . 	0
17030041201136	The was built between 1953 and 1955 by the in the during which time 8 636 cars were produced . The revealed in 2002 that only 517 examples of this car remain on roads_Triumph TR2 Standard Motor Company United Kingdom 2 DVLA UK 3 . The car used a twin version of the 1991 cc four cylinder engine tuned to increase its output to 90 bhp 67 kW . SU carburetor Standard Vanguard 1 . The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . Either wire or disc wheels could be supplied . The standard transmission was a four speed manual unit but was available on top gear as an option . 	As with AS Kenny was on R_comps while Thomas and Joseph raced on street tires . Had Thomas been alerted to Kenny attendance prior to the event then it would have been an all out war for FTD and a BS win . The shots would have been heard in DFW . Mick unshineHarrison won CS over Bad Brad Hudson and Jeff Hanchey . Mick was on R_comps versus street tires for Brad and Jeff . Brad will be someone to watch for in the local tire class this season . Jerrett Jan won ES on his first outing with R_comps . He was followed by Lorin Stolz street tires and Doug Covington . As expected local favorite Lisa Savage took honors in BSPL in her brown Corvette . The drive home was marred by the typical extra traffic on Highway 6 and Interstate 35 but the highlight was the stop for dinner . Eight of us stopped off at the always yummy Elite Circle Grill in beautiful Waco Texas for a great meal . Chicken Fried Steak and Chicken Fried Chicken seemed to dominate out selections with only Doug Covington checking his intake in his effort to take home the prize in the Ditch the Spare Contest . As with previous trips to College Station and Oklahoma City it was another good time . It is always hard to get up at 3 30 AM on Sunday morning in order to drive several hours for five minutes of racing but it is always worth it in the end . Someone asked why I drive that far to race so little and I explained that it is more than just the racing . 	0
17040017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Put a small fingernail_sized sample into a plastic bag or ask your vet for a supply of fecal samplers . The vet cannot always get a fecal sample from the dog and this saves you extra trips to return the sample and then bring the dog in if the tests are positive . When you get your new dog you might already have pets that you will need to introduce the new dog to . Exactly what you will need to do depends on the kinds and temperaments of the animals involved . Meeting first in a neutral area such as someone else is house or in a park if possible may help . Getting A Dog . What Kind of Dog Should I Get . Factors to consider . Dogs are social creatures . They will not be happy left out in the back yard alone . You must be committed to spending several hours a day with it_How much time can you spend with it . If you live in a small apartment you must take this into consideration many dogs will not do well unless you expend a good deal of effort in meeting their needs . Dogs can be pretty adaptable so long as you help them out . Do not be fooled by size into thinking a dog will be OK in a small apartment Jack Russell Terriers require a LOT of exercise . Conversely many Mastiffs are content to flop on the floor and do nothing at all while you are gone_What space can you provide it . 	0
17050041201136	The was built between 1953 and 1955 by the in the during which time 8 636 cars were produced . The revealed in 2002 that only 517 examples of this car remain on roads_Triumph TR2 Standard Motor Company United Kingdom 2 DVLA UK 3 . The car used a twin version of the 1991 cc four cylinder engine tuned to increase its output to 90 bhp 67 kW . SU carburetor Standard Vanguard 1 . The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . 	It is a decent surface much better than Mineral Wells but also smaller than Mineral Wells . As expected the racing was fun and talk in the grid always regarded time comparisons and surly grid workers . In the end DFW drivers took home first place trophies in five different classes . Cody Case took home the AS trophy with Robert Jones in his new Honda S2000 CR just behind him . Robert was running on the street tires that came with the Honda while Cody was running R_comps . Kenny Baker not only took home a win in the excuse_free BS class but he also set the fastest time of the day for both raw times and PAX times . Good job Kenny . 	0
17060017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
17070041201136	The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . Either wire or disc wheels could be supplied . The standard transmission was a four speed manual unit but was available on top gear as an option . Lockheed were fitted all round_ independent suspension live axle overdrive drum brakes . 	Many of the DFW attendees were there as part of a trip organized on the Metroplex Miata Enthusiast forum but others outside of the Miata group attended as well . In all we had 11 attendees with Jeff Hanchey out of Waco counting as the half . The drive from DFW to College Station in the morning is always the easiest part as there is no traffic when many of us leave our residences at 4 30 AM . As in the past we all met for breakfast at the luxurious Golden Arches restaurant in Hearne Texas and then on to the site with full of not satisfied tummies . The site is part of the Texas A M Riverside Campus which was originally home to Bryan Army Airfield . The racing occurs on a section of old runway . 	0
17080017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . Puppies that are runts due to health problems should be avoided . A responsible breeder will let you know which kind of runt the pup is . Puppies should be at minimum dewormed by eight weeks of age . The first set of puppy shots is desireable as well . Beware of breeders who have not had a vet see the puppies or mother at all . Many responsible breeders only guarantee the general health of a pup for a limited time e_g . 	0
17090041202433	The revealed in 2002 that only 517 examples of this car remain on roads_Triumph TR2 Standard Motor Company United Kingdom 2 DVLA UK 3 . The car used a twin version of the 1991 cc four cylinder engine tuned to increase its output to 90 bhp 67 kW . SU carburetor Standard Vanguard 1 . The body was mounted on a substantial separate chassis with coil_sprung at the front and a leaf spring at the rear . Either wire or disc wheels could be supplied . The standard transmission was a four speed manual unit but was available on top gear as an option . 	Anonymous Start a New Thread asReply as Get credit for your thread . Subject . Please enter some text at least 3 characters . Message . Please enter some text at least 3 characters . Quote . One or more of your tags have exceeded the 30 character limit . Cancel . Posting . Note . You can enter up to REMCHARS additional characters . Did you know you can edit the content of this page by clicking EasyEdit? Related Content what is this . 	0
17100017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	A little on the lightweight side nevertheless it gives a good outline of what you should know about your puppy or dog . You can use this to decide how much you do know and where you need to brush up on what you do not . 	0
17110024500424	The region is distinct from the rest of Africa with some of its main including platinum diamonds gold and uranium but it is similar in that it shares some of the problems of the rest of the continent . 	This massive black trade union which peaked with 100 000 members in 1927 had sections in Namibia Zambia and Zimbabwe . However nationalist and liberal ideology and corrupt and weak middle class leadership helped destroy the ICU by the 1930s_Industrial and Commercial Workers Union of Africa . Modern Era . It was only in the 1990s that organised anarchism re_emerged with a succession of groups in Durban and Johannesburg such as the Johannesburg collective that produced and in 1992 and 1993 . The ARM founded in 1993 represented an important step forward as did the WSF which replaced it in 1995 . 	0
17120024500121	The region is distinct from the rest of Africa with some of its main including platinum diamonds gold and uranium but it is similar in that it shares some of the problems of the rest of the continent . 	This massive black trade union which peaked with 100 000 members in 1927 had sections in Namibia Zambia and Zimbabwe . However nationalist and liberal ideology and corrupt and weak middle class leadership helped destroy the ICU by the 1930s_Industrial and Commercial Workers Union of Africa . Modern Era . It was only in the 1990s that organised anarchism re_emerged with a succession of groups in Durban and Johannesburg such as the Johannesburg collective that produced and in 1992 and 1993 . The ARM founded in 1993 represented an important step forward as did the WSF which replaced it in 1995 . 	0
17130024500531	Southern Africa is home to many cultures and people . It was once populated by and in widely_dispersed concentrations . Due to the which edged the previous peoples to the more remote areas of the region the majority of ethnic groups in this region including the and and speak languages which share common traits . The process of colonization and settling resulted in a significant population of European etc_ and Indian descent etc_ in many southern African countries . 	Constituted in and having completed its work by the TRC was empowered to investigate apartheid_era human rights abuses committed between and to grant amnesty to those who committed politically motivated crimes and to recommend compensation to victims of abuses . The TRC is mandate was part of the larger process of reconciling the often conflicting political economic and cultural interests held by the many peoples that make up South Africa is diverse population . The ability of the government and people to agree on many basic questions of how to order the country is new society will remain a critical challenge . One important issue continues to be the relationship of provincial and local administrative structures to the national government . 	0
17140010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	However in the more formal aspects of society such as institutional policies practices and power allocation Anglocentric and middleclass cultural values predominate . The organization and government of schools provides one illustration of this condition . Most school structures and procedures are grounded in mainstream cultural conceptions of law order reason and rationality . Another illustration of the predominance of Anglocentric middleclass culture is that the significant power positions in politics and economics tend to be held by people from this cultural background . 	0
17150024500531	Due to the which edged the previous peoples to the more remote areas of the region the majority of ethnic groups in this region including the and and speak languages which share common traits . The process of colonization and settling resulted in a significant population of European etc_ and Indian descent etc_ in many southern African countries . 	The economy is now in a process of transition as the government seeks to address the inequities of apartheid stimulate growth and create jobs . Business meanwhile is becoming more integrated into the international system and foreign investment has increased dramatically over the past several years . Still the economic disparities between population groups are expected to persist for many years remaining an area of priority attention for the government . 	0
17160010800257	By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . In part this results from the greater awareness of foreign cultures in an increasingly integrated world economy . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
17170144400516	 Alexian Brothers Home Continuing Medical Education . Continuing Medical Education at Alexian Brothers Hospital Network . About Us . Continuing Medical Education for the Alexian Brothers Hospital Network is offered through the Continuing Medical Education Consortium which is comprised of the four major Alexian Brothers facilities . Alexian Brothers Medical Center . Alexian Brothers Behavioral Health Hospital . Alexian Rehabilitation Hospital . The Continuing Medical Education Consortium is fully accredited by the Illinois State Medical Society and is one of the largest providers of Continuing Medical Education in Illinois . Continuing Medical Education is designed to assist physicians to enhance their knowledge skills and attitudes with the ultimate goal of improving the quality of medical care and patient outcomes . 	 Alexian Brothers Home Our Services Center for Spiritual Care . Centers for Spiritual Care . Alexian Brothers Health System is Centers for Spiritual Care . For over 30 years Alexian Brothers Health System ABHS has been a dedicated ministry that serves not only the physical but also the psychological and spiritual needs of those entrusted to its care . Scientific and technological advances have enhanced the ability to care for the body . Tending the human spirit and our need for God is love has advanced similarly . Spiritual Care is one of the clearest visible expressions of dedication to the Congregation of Alexian Brothers Charism and is central to ABHS is identity as a Catholic healthcare provider . Chaplains have been present to comfort patients and their families in times of crisis give thanks in times of joy testify to the love of God and at times guide our family of physicians nurses and employees in matters of the spirit . Our long_term goals remain constant . To strengthen spirituality in the way we deliver care . To strengthen spirituality in our workplaces . The Center for Spiritual Care maintains effective and ongoing communication with clergy in the community and actively supports the health promotions efforts of local churches in all denominations and faith traditions  . 	0
17180010800257	Sensitivity to cross_cultural issues in values and communication styles is however only a beginning . As R_ Roosevelt Thomas Jr_ indicated in it is still necessary in the workplace to go beyond simple recognition of cultural diversity to active diversity management . Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . Diversity management is an inclusive process since all employees belong to a culture including those from the organization is traditionally dominant cultural group . Thomas indicated that diversity management must not be viewed as an us them kind of problem to be solved but as a resource to be managed . 	To implement multicultural education fully fundamental changes will need to be made in the conception organization and execution of the educational process . These changes require modifications in an educational system that has been governed with a monocultural orientation based on Eurocentric middle class cultural norms . Thus implied in the definitions given above is another concept that finds general agreement among multiculturalists multiculturalism requires simultaneous changes on multiple levels of schooling . These changes must be deliberate longrange ongoing and most important comprehensive . The Need for Multicultural Education . Multicultural education should become a regular part of education in the United States for three major reasons the social realities of U_S_ society the influence of culture and ethnicity on human growth and development and the conditions of effective teaching and learning . These reasons explain not only the need for multicultural education but also what its content emphasis should be and how it should be taught . 	0
17190017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . When you have casualties on the battlefield you must determine the sequence in which the casualties are to be treated and how to treat their injuries . This subcourse discusses the procedures for performing tactical combat casualty care treating injuries to the extremities chest abdominal and head and controlling shock . Other subcourses in the Health Care Specialist series provide instruction on treating various wounds and injuries . Many times the last step given in the treatment instructions is to evacuate the casualty to a medical treatment facility . This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . In this subcourse you will study basic human anatomy . Anatomy is the study of body structure . Ph_siology is the study of body functions . Anatomy and physiology are two subject matter areas that are vitally important to most medical MOSs . Do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . 	0
17200017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Conversely many Mastiffs are content to flop on the floor and do nothing at all while you are gone_What space can you provide it . Even if you get a dog from the shelter or otherwise inexpensively you will have to buy food pay for veterinary checkups vaccinations and routine medical care and purchase other equipment over the lifetime of the dog . Not to mention replacing anything the dog may damage or destroy or putting money out for medical emergencies . Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
17210010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	Therefore it is useful for educators to develop their own definitions of multicultural education within the general boundaries outlined above to fit their specific needs rather than imposing a universal structure to implement multicultural education . Multiculturalists also agree that multicultural education has implications for decisionmaking that will affect operations at all levels of education including instruction administration governance counseling program planning performance appraisal and school climate . Thus everyone involved must play an active role in implementing multicultural education . Promoting diversity means acknowledging diversity incorporating diversity into all levels and demonstrating pride in cultural pluralism along with a sincere belief that diversity is desirable . The actions taken in schools to adopt multicultural education should reflect the race language ethnicity habits and customs of ethnic groups throughout the global community . In order to promote a comprehensive understanding of cultural groups we must use a variety of methods and a composite of various areas of scholarship including the humanities arts social sciences history politics and sciences . To implement multicultural education fully fundamental changes will need to be made in the conception organization and execution of the educational process . These changes require modifications in an educational system that has been governed with a monocultural orientation based on Eurocentric middle class cultural norms . 	0
17220010803142	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	LINC works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect and cultural sensitivity and a strong sociocultural academic community working together to provide social justice and diversity education programming and other efforts . As part of this year is Latino Heritage Month Lafayette is Portlock Black Cultural Center will host an exhibit featuring the art of Costa Rican artist Sofia Ruiz_Ugalde_Farinon Marlo Room East February 4 12pm . LINC Meeting with Marc Bamuthi Joseph Internationally renowned spoken word artist Marc Bamuthi Joseph is part of an emerging class of who combine a variety of art forms in their work . He has been a featured artist on Russell Simmons Def PoetryJam on HBO and is a National Poetry Slam champion Broadway veteran and inaugural recipient of the United States Artists Rockefeller Fellowship . Joseph uses theater West African tap and modern dance spoken word poetry and live music to stretch the bounds of traditional hip_hop and create a new forum for expressive performance art_ features excerpts from his evening_length works and 2008 is . The Seattle calls Joseph an electrifying performer and a great storyteller . This performance is sponsored by the Lafayette College Office of Intercultural Development_Friday February 6 8 00 pm Williams Center for the Arts . 	0
17230010800257	By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	Multicultural education is a basic for all students in a culturally ethnically and socially pluralistic society such as the United States . Ethnicity and culture are influential variables in shaping individual identity and behavior _ cultural socialization are ingrained early and deeply in the human personality and persist thereafter . Cultural diversity is a normative description of U_S_ society . Multicultural education is compatible with U_S_ democratic ideals and is complementary to quality education . Because most people in the U_S_ live in ethnic and cultural enclaves they have only tangential interactions with and superficial knowledge of people who are culturally different from themselves . Ethnicity culture and humanness are inextricably linked and interrelated . No one model for being American or human is equally applicable to everyone . 	0
17240079902118	The research quality in this area is definitely lacking_somesomesomewhatsomewithout any study of the procedure is long_term safety for baby or mother . How much less macrosomic are these babies and is the reduction really significant enough to justify such radical treatment . How effective is the treatment in women of varying degrees of obesity . What is the effect of caloric restriction on the babies of the women who would not have had macrosomic babies at normal caloric levels . 	This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . The ADA also sponsors regular scientific sessions and advanced postgraduate courses . The annual scientific sessions are offered to diabetes community members to take active part in what is considered as the largest diabetes clinical and research meeting in the world . This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
17250144401946	 Alexian Brothers Home Continuing Medical Education . Continuing Medical Education at Alexian Brothers Hospital Network . About Us . Continuing Medical Education for the Alexian Brothers Hospital Network is offered through the Continuing Medical Education Consortium which is comprised of the four major Alexian Brothers facilities . Alexian Brothers Medical Center . Alexian Brothers Behavioral Health Hospital . Alexian Rehabilitation Hospital . The Continuing Medical Education Consortium is fully accredited by the Illinois State Medical Society and is one of the largest providers of Continuing Medical Education in Illinois . Continuing Medical Education is designed to assist physicians to enhance their knowledge skills and attitudes with the ultimate goal of improving the quality of medical care and patient outcomes . 	Because we believe that all individuals are created in God is image . Therefore we treat them with respect_Dignity of the Person . We serve the sick aged dying and unwanted of all socio_economic levels especially the poor_Care of the Poor . We promote healing of the whole person body mind and spirit through physical psycho_social and spiritual care of the whole person_Holism . We collaborate with those who share our ministry in carrying out Our mission_Partnership . 	0
17260010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . 	0
17270017302438	Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . You will need to know medical terms in order to read a medical record to complete forms to decipher a physician is handwriting and to communicate with others in the hospital in a professional manner . 	0
17280010800257	Still the most significant impact of the civil rights movement was that immigrants and distinctive native_born minority groups began as Stephen Steinberg has argued to affirm their right to a separate identity within the framework of a pluralist nation . 	Conceptions of multicultural education and the value beliefs within them delineate the scope focus and boundaries of the field of multicultural education . These conceptions are guidelines for action and need to be clearly understood early in the process of making educational decisions . 	0
17290010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . Individuals in organizations may find such change troubling . Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . 	Another indication of this social deficiency is the persistence of stereotypic attitudes toward ethnic groups . In a recent study of ethnic images Smith 1990 reports that negative perceptions of groups of color especially AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are common in contemporary society . These groups are still considered to be less hardworking more violent less intelligent and more unpatriotic than Anglos . Research being conducted by Margaret Beale Spencer 1984 1985 1988 indicates that even though AfricanAmerican children between 3 and 11 years old obtain high scores on personal selfconcept measures society still shows a preference for whites and a tendency to attribute positive traits to whites while assigning negative traits to blacks . Thus even young students seem to have a double consciousness because they are able to separate their personal identities and selfesteem from knowledge about racial groups in society . They can simultaneously feel good about themselves and have negative attitudes toward their racial and ethnic groups . Discrimination and racism are evident in the patterns of unemployment imprisonment poor health care and educational failures in which the numbers of individuals of color are disproportionately high . 	0
17300017300189	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . 	If not when are you planning one? If a litter is not presently available ask if when they are next planning to show their dogs in your area . If you can go this is a golden opportunity to observe the structure and temperament of the dogs they breed . A responsible breeder should have some history of breeding animals . They may be breeding for show or field work or just plain good pets . They should be able to tell you about some of their previous puppies . They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . 	0
17310017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	If you are introducing an adult dog to an adult dog it will depend on their temperament and how well they get along with other dogs . You might have some scuffles to establish a hierarchy keep an eye on it but do not forbid it unless things get out of hand . If one dog reacts very poorly to the other you will have to separate them for a while and work on introducing them slowly . 	0
17320041000658	Excavation of prehistoric sites by Louis Dupree the the and others suggests that humans were living in what is now Afghanistan at least 50 000 years ago and that farming communities of the area were among the earliest in the world . Ahmad Shah Durrani 10 University of Pennsylvania Smithsonian Institution 29 30 . Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . 	Maneuver of the Afghan artillery strengthened the Afghan tactical formation which was much weaker in small arms but stronger in artillery . The Afghans succeeded in moving their guns to within a few hundred yards of the enemy line . 	0
17330017300189	In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	This is a statement about probability not about quality and anyone who attempts to apply an absolute value_scheme to it is making unwarranted and unjustifiable extrapolations . Statistics is a powerful weapon . As with any other such weapon use it ignorantly or indiscriminately at your peril . Books . One word of warning on breed specific books . In general avoid the TFH KW series readily available in most pet stores . These are small books about 150 pages . 	0
17340181602057	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . 	Did the violator refuse or fail the test . If the court answers all of the above questions with a yes  then the court affirms the suspension . If the court answers any of the questions with a no  then the court terminates the suspension and gives driving privileges back to the alleged offender . In addition if the court determines the offender is a threat to public safety even if the above questions are answered no  the offender may receive a judicial suspension . 	0
17350017300189	A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . Dogs acquired for this reason often wind up in the shelters when the parents find out that they are the dog is primary caretaker_You are still responsible for the dog when you get one for your kid . Find some good books and read up . 	0
17360017302438	A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Preservatives used in dog food have been blamed for causing every one of these problems . This paper is for Search and Rescue dog handlers who are trained to at least the Advanced First Aid and CPR level . We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . 	0
17370017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . In this subcourse you will study basic human anatomy . Anatomy is the study of body structure . 	0
17380017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . Good breeders often have a waiting list of potential puppy buyers and often will not breed until they know they can place all the resulting puppies . If you find a breeder you like do not be surprised if you are placed on a waiting list for a puppy . The wait will be worth it . 	0
17390010800257	Cultural diversity as used here does not include diversity based on noncultural identity groups . While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	The net result of these demographic changes is that the United States is becoming a more pluralistic society than it has ever been . Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . 	0
17400017300189	A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Exactly what you will need to do depends on the kinds and temperaments of the animals involved . Meeting first in a neutral area such as someone else is house or in a park if possible may help . Getting A Dog . What Kind of Dog Should I Get . Factors to consider . Dogs are social creatures . 	0
17410011900139	One final note the energy field of the Whale community is the only energy field on Earth that the Illuminati have been unable to penetrate . Whales utilize sonar and these low sound vibrations are incompatible with the metallic vibration of the Illuminati and make it impossible for them to come near . The Illuminati are also responsible for over 1000 vortexes that they had created all over Earth to leech life_force from nature . 	In orogens AMCG_suite rocks anorthositemangerite_charnockite_granodiorite are also commonly the product of late_orogenic extension_ gravity shear zones partial melting Precambrian See also Mountain chains Plate tectonics . Dictionary Tip . Lookup any word on eNotes with our dictionary . 	0
17420011900488	One final note the energy field of the Whale community is the only energy field on Earth that the Illuminati have been unable to penetrate . Whales utilize sonar and these low sound vibrations are incompatible with the metallic vibration of the Illuminati and make it impossible for them to come near . The Illuminati are also responsible for over 1000 vortexes that they had created all over Earth to leech life_force from nature . 	The Geological Society of America is pleased to announce a journal to be launched in early 2009_ will focus on tectonic processes at all scales that affect the crust and upper mantle from the surface to the base of the lithosphere and will highlight research that addresses how the surface crust and mantle interact to shape the physical and chemical evolution of the lithosphere at all spatial and temporal scales_LithosphereLithosphere . Science editors appointed for the journal . 	0
17430010800257	The traditional view toward immigrants was that they would wish to assimilate to the dominant Anglo_Saxon population of the nation is earliest colonial settlers . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . 	0
17440010801758	The traditional view toward immigrants was that they would wish to assimilate to the dominant Anglo_Saxon population of the nation is earliest colonial settlers . 	The day we touched ground in the U_S_ was a day none of us will ever forget for it marked the beginning of a newly found freedom . It was a freedom filled with struggle hard work and like most fairy tales also filled with triumph . 	0
17450010800257	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . 	The reason simply stated is that students learn in different ways and under different conditions many of which are governed by their cultural socialization . Some of the most salient specific ideas embedded in the three general categories of assumptions about the nature of society in the United States and the relationships between culture humanity teaching and learning discussed above can be summarized as follows . Multicultural education is a basic for all students in a culturally ethnically and socially pluralistic society such as the United States . 	0
17460017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . Consider it part of your family this is no joke as that is exactly what the dog thinks YOU are its pack its family . 	0
17470010800257	In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	These are some of the ideas and agruments that undergird the theory of Afrocentricity and the efforts by some school districts such as Detroit Milwaukee Baltimore and Seattle to create Afrocentric schools Asante 1991 92 Hilliard 1991 92 . 	0
17480085601388	It is at this turn that sense is required before the construction of any adobe is begun be sure that the location for such a structure is similar to the climate it naturally comes from that is a hot arid climate . Cool and moist climates would do well with moisture precautions planned out . 	As Louis Khan would say the arch is the brick is response when asked what does it wants to be . Or as Daniel Camacho one of the first Mexican homeowners and builders to apprentice with Swan puts it even wasps know how to build these structures no pun intended . 	0
17490010800257	By contrast Malaysia does insist on hiring requirements by ethnic group in many situations . While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . This is no small matter in a nation that on many occasions had scapegoated its Chinese community during periods of economic upheaval . 	Some definitions rely on the cultural characteristics of diverse groups while others emphasize social problems particularly those associated with oppression political power and the reallocation of economic resources . Some restrict their focus to people of color while others include all major groups that are different in any way from mainstream Americans . Other definitions limit multicultural education to characteristics of local schools and still others provide directions for school reform in all settings regardless of their characteristics . The goals of these diverse types of multicultural education range from bringing more information about various groups to textbooks to combatting racism to restructuring the entire school enterprise and reforming society to make schools more culturally fair accepting and balanced . For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
17500041000658	On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . Since then he is often regarded as the founder of modern Afghanistan . After the inauguration he changed his title or clans name to which derives from the Persian word meaning . 	Ayub Khan decided to attack the open enemy flanks by deploying cavalry to the far flank his right flank and moving irregular infantry and s to the left flank where a ravine offered protection . He deployed regular infantry regiments in the center and ordered his 30 guns to take up positions on a line from the center to the left flank . Given the varying speed of infantry cavalry and artillery Ayub is force deployed into combat formation in a coordinated manner . The terrain allowed the irregular infantry and to threaten the British right flank while the British left flank with its wider space for man_euver was ideal ground for cavalry action . 	0
17510085601388	It is then allowed to sit on a flat surface until the soil sediment has either collected on the bottom or remained a blended liquid . If the sediment collects on the bottom that indicates there is a high clay content and is good for adobe . If the mixture remains a liquid then there is little clay in the soil and using it would yield weak bricks_ cement rebar . The largest structure ever made from adobe bricks was the which suffered serious damage up to 80 by an earthquake on . Other large adobe structures are the in with 100 million signed bricks the ciudellas of and both in Peru . 	The couple that built it meditate play the guitar and sing there . In the distance at the foot of a canyon another building site is prepared as thousands of mud bricks lay in rows to dry under the sun . Each structure seems to sing its own monochrome symphony a solitary echo in a space that belongs to all . I call to witness the Sun And his early morning splendor And the moon as she follows in his wake The day when it reveals its radiance The night when it covers him over The heavens and its architecture The earth and its spreading out The soul and how it was integrated And given the faculty of knowing The Sun The Qumran notes need to be completed Bibliographical sources . 	0
17520083102546	The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . In his public career Archytas had a reputation for virtue as well as efficacy . Some scholars have argued that Archytas may have served as one model for Plato is and that he influenced Plato is political philosophy as expressed in and other works i_e how does a society obtain good rulers like Archytas instead of bad ones like Dionysus II? Pericles Athens strategos Seventh Letter Plato Dionysius II Syracuse philosopher king The Republic . Archytas drowned in a shipwreck in the sea of . His body lay unburied on the shore till a sailor humanely cast a handful of sand on it . 	Thales is believed to have studied mathematics under Egyptians who in turn were aware of much older mathematics from Mesopotamia . Several fundamental theorems about triangles are attributed to Thales including the law of similar triangles which Thales used famously to calculate the height of the Great Pyramid and the fact that any angle inscribed in a semicircle is a right angle . Thales was also an astronomer he invented the 365_day calendar and is the first person known to have correctly predicted a solar eclipse . 	0
17530017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . 	0
17540083102546	As only described in the writings of five centuries after him he was reputed to have designed and built the first artificial self_propelled flying device a bird_shaped model propelled by a jet of what was probably steam said to have actually flown some 200 meters . 	The notion that the Earth rotated about the Sun was introduced in ancient Greece but Newton explained it did and the Great Scientific Revolution began_Ph_losophiae Naturalis Principia MathematicaheliocentricPrincipiawhy . Newton ranks #2 on Michael Hart is famous list of the Most Influential Persons in History . Muhammed the Prophet of Allah is #1 . Whatever the criteria Newton would certainly rank at the top on any list of physicists or scientists in general but I have placed him behind Archimedes on this list his emphasis was physics not mathematics and Leibniz is contribution lessens the historical importance of Newton is calculus . A comment by Leibniz however persuades me to rank Newton near the top . 	0
17550010800257	As R_ Roosevelt Thomas Jr_ indicated in it is still necessary in the workplace to go beyond simple recognition of cultural diversity to active diversity management . Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . 	Accordingly this synthesis includes various conceptions and definitions of multicultural education and outlines the implications of these definitions for practice . Definitions of Multicultural Education . Definitions of multicultural education vary . Some definitions rely on the cultural characteristics of diverse groups while others emphasize social problems particularly those associated with oppression political power and the reallocation of economic resources . Some restrict their focus to people of color while others include all major groups that are different in any way from mainstream Americans . 	0
17560083102546	Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . Thomas Winter has suggested that the pseudo_Aristotelian is an important mechanical work by Archytas not lost after all but misattributed_ mechanics 1 Aulus Gellius 2 3 The Pigeon 4 5 Vitruvius 6 Mechanical Problems 7 . According to Archytas solved the problem of in his manner with a geometric construction_ before reduced this problem to finding mean . 	As with Fermat mathematics was a sideline for Leibniz who was an historian philosopher and lawyer . He and Newton were the two undisputed great intellects of their era and Leibniz might be remembered with a great awe if he had devoted himself to pure science . Despite that his mathematics was a self_taught hobby Leibniz was the leading pioneer of all three major branches of modern mathematics the continuous the discrete and the symbolic . Leibniz is contribution to calculus was probably more influential than Newton is . 	0
17570041002863	The Mauryans were overthrown by the in 185 BCE leading to the reconquest of Afghanistan by the by 180 BCE . Much of Afghanistan soon broke away from the Greco_Bactrians and became part of the . 	His empire was being seriously eroded in other areas as well . Ahmad Shah is Indian domains refused to pay homage and other regions simply declared their independence . The amir ruler of Bukhara claimed some of the northern provinces and Ahmad Shah reached an agreement with him to accept the Amu Darya as the border between them . 	0
17580041000658	The Mauryans were overthrown by the in 185 BCE leading to the reconquest of Afghanistan by the by 180 BCE . Much of Afghanistan soon broke away from the Greco_Bactrians and became part of the . 	The Afghan army had more than 6 000 soldiers armed with British Snider rifles four 6_pounder British smoothbore cannon and two 12_pounder British smoothbore howitzers_British intelligence calculated the opposing force of Ayub Khan at 10 infantry regiments 2 500 cavalry and six batteries of guns 000 to 8 000 men in all_56 . 	0
17590017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	One puppy may come right up to you and investigate . Of course it is cute all puppies are . You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . Another excellent source for a purebred dog is from a rescue organizations run by various clubs across the country . 	0
17600017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . 	0
17610174201455	Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . Further research showed me that Lansdowne Resort was 15 minutes from Washingtons Dulles International Airport and 20 minutes from the Capital Beltway . 	Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . All teas are served with four kinds of tea sandwiches an assortment of desserts and freshly baked scones with mascarpone cream lemon curd jams and marmalades . Prices range from 40 to 48 for adults or 25 to 32 for children . 	0
17620174202601	Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . Further research showed me that Lansdowne Resort was 15 minutes from Washingtons Dulles International Airport and 20 minutes from the Capital Beltway . 	The Ritz_Carlton participates in the . If you want to apply for an open position and need an accommodation to complete the electronic employment application please contact the HR office at the location where you want to apply . Search for Positions . 	0
17630179400753	However soldiers searching for them have already arrived these are referred to as Squad in the movie identified by a tattoo on their forehead that resembles the Izon logo . 	Love Serenade 1 Oclock Neg . Post N74197 . Top Site gaycockgames_com neverthelessmusic_com dealsandcouponss_net soduko_online_com . Post N61868 . Places to visit Hrastno Birdpur No 2 Cochabamba . Post N17490 . 	0
17640010803142	It is difficult to indicate in short what constitutes a national cultural norm . 	A wide range of festivities will take place leading up to the 6 p_m_ kickoff of Lafayette is first home night football game . Student organizations will present a wide variety of interactive art_related and creative activities free of charge_600 Block of Parson is Street Sept . 13th 3_6pm . The Seventh Annual Block Party . An Afternoon w Sofia Ruiz_Ugalde_David A_ Portlock Cultural Center Wednesday Sept . 17 4 10 5 10 p_m . 	0
17650017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	Find some good books and read up . Enroll in puppy and dog classes where you can learn much from the instructor attend them even before you get a dog or puppy for first hand knowledge of what you can expect . Many dogs are in animal shelters with a note that says could not be housebroken or could not be trained . You are responsible for becoming more knowledgeable about dogs . 	0
17660017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . 	0
17670085601388	Depending on the thickness of the adobe bricks the frame work has been performed using a steel framing and a layering of a metal fencing or wiring over the framework to allow an even load as masses of adobe are spread across the metal fencing like cob and allowed to air dry accordingly . This method was demonstrated with an adobe blend heavily impregnated with cement to allow even drying and prevent major cracking . 	However their overly serious fundamentalist attitudes were mired with typical complexities and contradictions of developing countries while in America such architects as Robert Venturi turned to the vernacular with humour and positivism as in Learning from Las Vegas 1966 prefiguring Postmodern permissiveness . 	0
17680010800257	Any comprehensive discussion of diversity in the U_S_ workforce however should include reference to those with different physical abilities and to women . CULTURAL DIVERSITY AND THE U_S . CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT . The United States has always been an immigrant culture . 	One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . Ethnic and cultural pluralism is an everpresent influence in all aspects of American history life and culture . 	0
17690135602788	The consensus among scientists is that the young Earth is atmosphere contained much larger quantities of such as and or than are present today which trapped enough heat to compensate for the lesser amount of reaching the planet . 	Between the sun and Alpha Centauri there are no dwarf stars larger than 0_05 times the mass of the sun despite many careful searches for such objects . Meanwhile the gravitational force between the Sun and Alpha Centauri is so weak that this nearby star could not have any effect on the sun that is greater than say the gravitational effect that the rest of the stars in the Milky Way have upon the Sun . 	0
17700135601020	The consensus among scientists is that the young Earth is atmosphere contained much larger quantities of such as and or than are present today which trapped enough heat to compensate for the lesser amount of reaching the planet . 	At the same time these objects which are moving very rapidly try to fly away from the Sun outward into the emptiness of outer space . The result of the planets trying to fly away at the same time that the Sun is trying to pull them inward is that they become trapped half_way in between . Balanced between flying towards the Sun and escaping into space they spend eternity orbiting around their parent star . 	0
17710017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Introducing a puppy to an older dog is probably the easiest combination . If the older dog is properly socialized with other dogs you will not have problems . If the older dog is not you may have to keep the dogs separated until you are more confident about their getting along . In any case a puppy will often be restrained as per housetraining efforts when you are not at home . If you are introducing a puppy to a cat you will probably have some trouble for a few months . Older cats unless they have dealt well with dogs before will probably hiss and spit at the puppy or avoid it for a long time . 	0
17720010800257	To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . 	Schools are expected to serve the human needs of cultural socialization transmission and selfperpetuation and teach academic skills . Every action that they take is unavoidably culturebound . Effective understanding of the educational process in a pluralistic society such as the United States requires that teaching and learning be viewed as aspects of various cultural milieux Kimball 1978 . 	0
17730103702538	Untreated OCD can take over your life . Researchers think brain circuits may not work properly in people who have OCD . It tends to run in families . The symptoms often begin in children or teens . Treatments that combine medicines and therapy are often effective . 	It can be frustrating often putting a strain on relationships . Even with a diagnosis some strain often lingers and recovery may be a long process_Helping a Family Member . Family members who want to help may not know how . An important fact to keep in mind is that anxiety disorders are real serious but treatable medical conditions . Reliable evidence links panic disorder obsessive_compulsive disorder OCD and other anxiety disorders to brain chemistry . 	0
17740017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . 	Expect some fear and nervousness . A few doggy treats may help calm it . If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . 	0
17750091100972	The port was established by in 1872 and has been staffed since 1928 . In 1981 the border crossing had a population of 2 living in trailers behind the customs station and averaged three people enterring per day . In 2005 just 93 pedestrians crossed over at the site which consisted of just four buildings a port of entry building two houses and a trailer . Including domestic and international travelers fewer than 500 buses and privately_owned vehicles pass through the community each month though traffic has been increasing slightly lately with more international shuttle van service . 	For an exhilarating outdoor adventure of a more rugged sort Texas Big Bend Country is the ideal location for a three day gourmet rafting trip through one of the spectacular canyons of the Rio Grande River in Big Bend National Park . Visitors will enjoy imaginative and unexpected gourmet cuisine while being serenaded by local and regional musicians around the campfire . Texas is also an important winter golfing destination with more than 900 courses that can be enjoyed throughout the states mild winter months . New golf resorts are joining an acclaimed list of existing resort courses in Texas offering a variety of golfing experiences from seaside links to Hill Country fairways . A full listing of the golf courses in Texas can be found in the Official Texas Golf Guide . For a copy visit . 	0
17760017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	The more information you have the better off you will be . After you compile a list of potential breeders to contact screen them through the phone first . Here is a list of questions to ask in no particular order . When you meet with breeders look for people that seem more concerned with the welfare of their dogs than the amount of money they are making . Look for ones raising the puppies underfoot and around people . If the breeder is using kennels check for cleanliness happy dogs no overcrowding shelter from the elements plenty of fresh water . 	0
17770091102639	The crossing which is open solely for non_commercial traffic is open every day from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon . 2 2 . The port was established by in 1872 and has been staffed since 1928 . In 1981 the border crossing had a population of 2 living in trailers behind the customs station and averaged three people enterring per day . 	About 4 miles down this road you get to the beautiful well_maintained hot springs . Once you are in Aconchi there is a dirt road that is very passable more by Patt Riese Oaxaca Handbook . Well my hunger has finally been satisfied . In the Oaxaca Handbook . Bruce Whipperman offers a complete menu of not just the valley of Oaxaca but the entire state_Whipperman has a special interest in outdoor activities and ecological tourism . 	0
17780174202922	It is fresh and floral in its youth but can age well . The off dry Rieslings match well with Cajun Mexican and Thai cuisine . Then there are the late harvest and botrytis wines for the end of a meal or by themselves . It is a conundrum for Riesling producers . A touch of sweetness brings food friendly character to Riesling . The dry styles are more intense elegant and age_worthy . 	Medici is undeniably one of the most beautiful restaurants in town . The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . 	0
17790091102639	Despite its low usage there is no move to close the port which is the only port between and and provides the most direct route from the United States to the . 	There are now decent hotels and restaurants between Oaxaca and Puerto Angel . Generally what you want to do when you are on the road from Oaxaca to the coast is GET TO THE COAST . But should circumstances arise flat tires late starts etc_ there are a couple of options for places to stay that are worth considering . 	0
17800174200884	There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . 	Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . 	0
17810091102650	is a small in located along the across from the small settlement of . Despite its name there are neither nor in the area . 	Everywhere you look in Texas you see rich geographical diversity and beauty . Each Texas region has its own unique History Culture and Terrain . Texas activities are as diversified as the many cultures it represents . Great Food Golf Beaches Hunting Great Accommodations and Birdatching are just a few of the attractions Texas and vacationing Texans rave about . 	0
17820017302438	Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . To find out more about wikis see the . This textbook grew out of the First Aid article at Wikipedia . 	0
17830181600645	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . 	This is a common_sense standard . It does not refer to or limit the volume or number of records that you are requesting instead it requires that you be specific enough so that we can identify and locate the records that you are seeking . Your request must ask for existing records or documents . 	0
17840017300189	The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . But whatever the actual price spay or neuter surgery is a one_time cost a relatively small cost when compared to all the benefits . 	Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
17850089301649	The beep means something . What does the beep mean . Is it a warning . It sounds urgent does not it . It is telling us to do something . But what . Replace a battery . Call the authorities . Evacuate the premises . Scrub ourselves with disinfectant and put on haz_mat suits and call our families to give them our tearful goodbyes . I imagine that soon he will begin to take things apart . He will methodically dismantle all of the electrical devices in his office creating an unusually precise metaphor for what is happening in his psyche . 	Search . Half_com . Flynn a computer whiz who invents video games attempts to regain access to the computer for users and is scanned digitized and sucked inside the system to the MCP is lethal game grid . There a deadly electronic civilization thrives under the tyranny of the MCP and his minions . Disobey falter on the game grid make a mistake and it is de_res and disappear . Caught in the grid and threatened with de_resolution Flynn a USER pretends to be a program while he helps TRON an independent program developed by Flynn is friend to free the machine from the tyrannical control of the MCP _ was the first film to venture inside the three_dimensional world of computer imagery . Using early 80s state_of_the_art computer_generated graphics delivered a visual adventure for bit_heads hackers and nonhackers alike . Although the terminology used is a bit loose for a mainstream move in 1982 was really ahead of its time_TronTronTron . For us is particularly interesting . Its anthropomorphic sentient computer programs agents working on behalf of their users a World Within reflecting a World Without is brought to life by a talented team of animators and computer graphic artists_Tron computer imagery computer_generated graphics Gelernter is Mirror World is Mirror Worlds . 	0
17860010800257	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . Such an organization will have increased opportunity to identify and attract the best employees from culturally different groups . Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	By becoming more aware that they are products of their cultures and live within given value and symbol systems and by reflecting on this condition educators can free themselves from the tyranny of their own cultures and free children from the damaging effects of premature inaccurate and prejudiced interpretations of their culturally induced behavior Spindler 1987a . Teaching and Learning . One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . Schools are microcosms of mainstream society LaBelle 1976 . 	0
17870017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Another good addition at this level would be and followed by In this subcourse you will study cardiac arrest basic life support to include rescue breathing chest compressions and recognition and treatment of cardiac dysrhythmias . This information will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . 	0
17880108500217	In practice BFOQs for age are limited to the obvious hiring a young actor to play a young character in a movie or when public safety is at stake for example in the case of age limits for pilots and bus drivers _ bona fide occupational qualifications 29 U_S_C . 	As a consequence of the report is findings the UK Government has announced that transgender will be a protected category along with sex gender race ethnicity physical or mental disability religion faith age and sexual orientation for the new Equalities and Human Rights Commission that starts work in October 2007 . Report is online in PDF here . March 2 2007 United Kingdom here . Transgender Law Center seeks an Executive Director . The founded in 2002 is a multi_disciplinary social justice organization working to ensure that all Californians are able to fully and freely express our gender identities . 	0
17890083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . Archytas Moon edit The Archytas Curve . This section does not any _ cite references or sources . Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . 	Fermat is contemporaneous rival Rene Descartes is more famous than Fermat and Descartes writings were more influential . Whatever one thinks of Descartes as a however it seems clear that Fermat was the better . 	0
17900097700499	Over 50 patients were taken to St . Mary is school and convent in nearby where the teaching sisters served as nurses . St . Benedict is Hospital Benedictine nuns Minneapolis St . Paul St . Joseph 3 edit Impact . Before this tornado Sauk Rapids was considered one of the most important towns in Minnesota and a business center of central Minnesota . 	Otherwise the safest action is to abandon the vehicle for a sturdy building . The basic rule of avoiding tornado driven debris should keep motorists pedestrians etc_ from placing themselves in harm is way under highway overpasses . In spite of what many people might have seen in videos and photos highway overpasses do not offer reliable protection from tornado winds and wind_driven debris . 	0
17910041000658	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . 	British studies often suggest that a British brigade of about 2 500 faced an army of 15 000 to 25 000 Afghan regulars and irregulars . This assessment is misleading because it counts thousands of unarmed Afghan service and support elements civilian camp followers and curious villagers as part of the Afghan combatants while discounting more than 3 000 British camp followers service details and transport crews . 	0
17920010800257	Finally the relatively high mobility of workers in the United States make it a reasonable assumption to hire employees from elsewhere in the country and expect them to move to the place of employment . By contrast many countries are divided into ethnic or cultural groups that have strong regional attachments . 	This goal and related skill development are designed to make society more genuinely egalitarian and more accepting of cultural pluralism . They also are intended to ensure that ethnic and cultural groups that traditionally have been victimized and excluded will become fullfledged participants at all levels of society with all of the attendant rights privileges and responsibilities . 	0
17930011900139	This information came as a result of the Ascension process and genetic restructuring that the human form is currently undergoing on Earth . 	In continent_continent collisions oceanic upper mantle and crust along with sediments deposited on the seafloor and in the trench above the are thrust over continental crust as a series of imbricate slices in a process called obduction . 	0
17940181600822	This transit registration will allow the new owner to drive the vehicle and to properly register and obtain license plates for the vehicle from his state or province of residence . 	The bill would cap the tax credit at 500 for the purchase of a new residence or for the retrofitting of an existing residence . This bill is a recommendation of the Virginia Disability Commission . SB91 CH . 765_Residential tax credit increased accessibility and visitability for the disabled . 	0
17950017300189	Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	The authors are top notch writers and did extensive research to compile this comprehensive resource of the world is dog breeds . The book is profusely illustrated with excellent quality photographs and a 3_5 page article . This book makes a good effort to show every color and every coat type of each breed in the various photos . 	0
17960083102546	The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . This rotation will cut out a portion of the cylinder forming the Archytas Curve . 	Fermat developed a system of analytic geometry which both preceded and surpassed that of Descartes he developed methods of differential and integral calculus which Newton acknowledged as an inspiration . Solving to find extrema of is perhaps the most useful idea in applied mathematics this technique originated with Fermat . 	0
17970091102864	It is the smallest and least_used border crossing of the 43 ports of entry along the border with Mexico . The crossing which is open solely for non_commercial traffic is open every day from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon . 	It had changed the State constitution and established a test_oath of allegiance to the Confederate States and in the exercise of its petty tyranny had required the governor and other officers to appear at its bar at a certain time to take the oath . 	0
17980088300959	Hezbollah declares open war against 2 days later . July 12 2006 Lebanon War Israeli Lebanon Hezbollah Israel The the last floating link to returns home to a large reception in Belfast . 	Egypt and Sudan utilize 48 and 4 billion cubic meters of the Nile flow per year respectively . The flow of the Nile during January 20 to July 15 dry season would be reserved for Egypt . Egypt reserves the right to monitor the Nile flow in the upstream countries . 	0
17990010800257	For example many U_S_ managers have a tendency to view diversity management as an issue of numbers in which the percentages of a given population is mirrored in the percentage of employees within the place of employment . 	For this reason the field of multicultural education is referred to interchangeably as multicultural education education that is multicultural and antiracist education . The following are the most frequently used definitions of multicultural education . An idea an educational reform movement and a process intended to change the structure of educational institutions so that all students have an equal chance to achieve academic success . 	0
18000017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Typical means characteristic of the type and is a statistical abstraction it does not have any normative implications i_e there is no claim that all or even most examples of the type in question have the characteristics that are stated to be typical . 	0
18010083102546	Archytas drowned in a shipwreck in the sea of . 	None of these seems difficult today but it does seem remarkable that they were all first achieved by the same man . Eudoxus has been quoted as saying Willingly would I burn to death like Ph_eton were this the price for reaching the sun and learning its shape its size and its substance . Pi . Top ca 322_275 BC Greece Egypt of Megara AlexandriaEuclid . Euclid may have been a student of Aristotle . 	0
18020051601803	Following a series of meetings the International Consortium for Brain Mapping ICBM evolved . The ultimate goal is to develop flexible . 	Here following are three quotations regarding the question of the completeness of Quantum Mechanics but the first two come from the late in 1982 andProfessor Heinz R_ PagelsThe remarkable feature of all the leptons is that they have never revealed any interior structure . They appear to be pure point particles even at the highest energies . This suggests they are truly elementary and not composite particles a rock bottom to the levels of matter a feature which compounds the puzzle of the leptons . We can imagine that quantum reality is like a sealed box out of which we receive messages . We can ask questions about the contents of the box but never actually see what is inside . The principle of complementarity asserts that in describing reality we must invoke complementarity concepts that exclude each other they cannot both be true . 	0
18030041002863	The Kushans were defeated by the in the third century . Although various rulers calling themselves generally known as continued to rule at least parts of the region they were probably more or less subject to the Sassanids . The late Kushans were followed by the Huns who in turn were replaced by the short_lived but powerful as rulers of the region in the first half of the fifth century . The Hephthalites were defeated by the Sasanian king in AD 557 who re_established Sassanid power in Persia . However the successors of Kushans and Hepthalites established a small dynasty in called or who were later defeated by the Muslim armies and finally conquered by Muslim Turkish armies led by the . 	The shah was blinded and imprisoned but he escaped to spend the rest of his life as a pensioner of the British in India . The overthrow of Zeman in 1800 was not the end of civil strife in Afghanistan it was the beginning of even greater violence . Shah Mahmud lasted only three years before being replaced by yet another of Timur Shah is sons Shuja who ruled for six years from 1803 to 1809 . Only a few weeks after signing an agreement with the British in 1809 Shuja was deposed by his predecessor Mahmud whose second reign lasted nine years until 1818 . 	0
18040041000658	The Kushans were defeated by the in the third century . Although various rulers calling themselves generally known as continued to rule at least parts of the region they were probably more or less subject to the Sassanids . The late Kushans were followed by the Huns who in turn were replaced by the short_lived but powerful as rulers of the region in the first half of the fifth century . The Hephthalites were defeated by the Sasanian king in AD 557 who re_established Sassanid power in Persia . However the successors of Kushans and Hepthalites established a small dynasty in called or who were later defeated by the Muslim armies and finally conquered by Muslim Turkish armies led by the . 	Instead of facing Ayub in Kandahar and shifting forces from Kabul which was at that time secure under its new ally Amir Abdurrahman they split their forces between Helmand Kandahar and Kalat . When the British finally massed operationally by moving General Roberts division from Kabul to Kandahar on 2 September they defeated Ayub . This could have been done without sacrificing Burrows brigade in late July . The battle was decided by maneuver key factor for winning a meeting battle . 	0
18050156400552	Bone cancer in cats and dogs . From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia . Jump to navigation search . The most common bone is called which usually affects older dogs or giant breed dogs . 	Scroll down to see some of my friends and which breeds are especially susceptible to developing certain types of cancer_ clinical signs of canine cancer Free Canine Cancer Consultation for a detailed press release about the campaign PDF . Click here . Many of the most popular dog breeds are especially susceptible to developing cancer . Oteosarcoma bone Any large or giant breed . 	0
18060017300189	The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . 	Many people have strong feelings about purebred dogs especially the characteristics of the breed . Other people feel that the stereotypes are overrated . Jon Pastor made some nice comments about the usefulness and caveats of typical breed behaviors . Are behaviors commonly ascribed to specific breeds based in fact or are they just stereotypes . 	0
18070017300189	Irresponsible breeding contributes to the problem of dog bites and attacks . Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . 	Try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . The more information you have the better off you will be . 	0
18080079902118	The research quality in this area is definitely lacking_somesomesomewhatsomewithout any study of the procedure is long_term safety for baby or mother . How much less macrosomic are these babies and is the reduction really significant enough to justify such radical treatment . 	This organization provides professional education through learning activities and courses that include research about diabetes . It is also accredited by the ACCME_ www_diabetes_org . Both basic research and clinical research are included in these activities which also offer opportunities for professional networking perfect for the continuing education of professional health care providers psychologists and researchers . 	0
18090133302696	Retrospectively this aircraft became known as the E for experimental . It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . The triple fin and double deck were abandoned on subsequent models and the more common single fin was utilised . 	Shortly before the was harmed by revelations of a US 205 000 loan from Hughes to Nixon is brother . 1960 Presidential election Richard Nixon Donald . In late 1971 Donald Nixon was collecting intelligence for his brother in preparation for the upcoming presidential election . One of Donald is sources was a former business adviser of Hughes who had also worked with Democratic National Chairman . John H_ Meier 21 Larry O Brien . However Meier conspired with former Vice President of the United States and others to feed misinformation to the Nixon campaign . 	0
18100142700596	Indiana Child Support Office Locations Individuals appearing on this list were submitted by the local county prosecutor is office handling the case . Indiana Child Support Evaders Get information on child support enforcement at the Louisiana Department of Social Services . Louisiana Department of Social Services Learn if you are eligible for child support where to apply and know the benefits of the Maryland child support program Maryland Department of Human Resources The social services of North Carolina Child support enforcement . 	Further each state must develop a procedure to ensure that all Title IV‑D awards are periodically reviewed to ensure that they comply with the Guidelines_P_L . 100‑485 103 c . Periodic Review of Guidelines and Title IV‑D Awards . Compliance With State Law_The Child Support Guidelines were developed specifically to comply with federal requirements as well as Indiana law . Objectives of the Indiana Child Support Guidelines_The following three objectives are specifically articulated in the Indiana Child Support Guidelines . 	0
18110010801272	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	By recognizing and weaving differences into our corporate culture we believe employees shareholders customers and communities will see unlimited potential in the future of Dominion . One Dominion Many Communities . Diversity is a core value assimilated into the day_to_day operations of Dominion . Although our employees customers and suppliers are made up of many communities we aim for an inclusive and productive environment in which differences are celebrated . It is good business and it is the right thing to do _ about Mr . Farrell is commitment to diversity . Learn more  . 	0
18120010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . 	0
18130017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The first set of puppy shots is desireable as well . Beware of breeders who have not had a vet see the puppies or mother at all . Many responsible breeders only guarantee the general health of a pup for a limited time e_g . 48 hours . This is not a rip_off . The breeder has no control over the pup once the new owner takes it . Reputable breeders will stand by that guarantee if the new owner takes the pup to a vet who finds something wrong e_g_ a communicable disease within that period but the breeder can hardly be held responsible for a disease contracted after the pup is in its new home . Thus such an early trip to the vet is for the protection of all concerned . 	0
18140017300176	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The cord will shrink up as it dries and will fall off in a few days . Make sure you have left the cord at least 1 2 inches long Keep a bottle of alcohol handy for rinsing the scissors before use . A shallow dish of Iodine or bactine solution can be used to dip the end of the umbilical cord after you have tied it . 4 . Afterbirth placenta should follow each pup within 5 to 15 minutes . Keep a count of the number of afterbirths . Not every puppy is followed by it is placenta and you may have placentas retained that will be a part of the post delivery discharge . This and breech birthing is in the bitch . 	0
18150017300189	In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
18160010800257	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . 	Hence humans are social beings who carry within them their individual biological and psychological traits as well as the legacies of their ethnic group is historical background collective heritage and cultural experiences . When educators claim that their top priority is to treat all children like human beings regardless of ethnic identity cultural background or economic status they are creating a paradox . 	0
18170017302438	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . 	0
18180017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	You and Your Dog . This useful book is an overall guide to the health and care of dogs . It includes a basic listing of dog breeds AKC . This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . 	0
18190017300189	Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . Puppies that are runts due to health problems should be avoided . A responsible breeder will let you know which kind of runt the pup is . Puppies should be at minimum dewormed by eight weeks of age . The first set of puppy shots is desireable as well . Beware of breeders who have not had a vet see the puppies or mother at all . 	0
18200133302696	Retrospectively this aircraft became known as the E for experimental . It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . The triple fin and double deck were abandoned on subsequent models and the more common single fin was utilised . 	Hughes insisted on using tissues to pick up objects so that he could insulate himself from germs . He would also notice dust stains or other imperfections on people is clothes and demand that they take care of it . As a result of numerous plane crashes Hughes spent much of his later life in pain eventually becoming severely addicted to and other pain medication . It is believed that this addiction compounded the symptoms of Hughes obsessive_compulsive disorder_ codeine morphine . 	0
18210017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . 	This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . Consider it part of your family this is no joke as that is exactly what the dog thinks YOU are its pack its family . 	0
18220010800257	In Anthony Carnevale and Susan Carol Stone emphasized that valuing diversity involves recognizing that other people is standards and values are as valid as one is own . They went on elsewhere to note that for most organizations valuing and managing diversity requires nothing less than cultural transformation . This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
18230142602052	Decorating sugar art pipe decorate a cake sponge cake cheesecake recipe scone cake cakes bbc food recipes simnel cake by slavka bradley and reserve the . 	Paste one of these pieces onto the larger uncut bird 9 . Turn over the large bird and glue on the other cut piece . 10 . Finally cut a colorful body for your bird . 11 . Then paste it onto the inside of your bird . 12 . You can also decorate your bird using crayons and markers etc . The beautiful birds card is ready now . 	0
18240017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	If the breeder picks a puppy out for you that is also normal responsible ones will have evaluated their puppies and match one to you based on what you have indicated you want . Rescue organizations . For addresses of rescue services for various breeds call the American Kennel Club library 212_696_8348 or check the breed_specific FAQ if one exists for your breed . You can also check the BREED book listed above it contains over 1500 sources for rescue assistance for 72 breeds throughout the US . 	0
18250017300189	In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Thus such an early trip to the vet is for the protection of all concerned . Guaranteeing against genetic defects is common such a guarantee generally means a refund or replacement in the case of a defect occurring it does NOT mean that the puppy will never develop a genetic defect . 	0
18260041002863	Excavation of prehistoric sites by Louis Dupree the the and others suggests that humans were living in what is now Afghanistan at least 50 000 years ago and that farming communities of the area were among the earliest in the world . Ahmad Shah Durrani 10 University of Pennsylvania Smithsonian Institution 29 30 . Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . 	Although the British had begun to show interest in Afghanistan as early as 1809 with their agreement with Shuja it was not until the reign of Dost Mohammad the first of the Muhammadzai rulers that the opening gambits were played in what came to be known as the Great Game . The Great Game involved not only the confrontation of two great empires whose spheres of influence moved steadily closer to one another until they met in Afghanistan but also the repeated attempts by a foreign power to impose a puppet government in Kabul . 	0
18270179402208	They are instructed to perform the exit procedure for a subject who has reached the end through the cube and is about to meet his final challenge . They find that it is none other than Owen one of their missing colleagues . In the process of the exit procedure when asked if he believes in God he answers no . 	The Internet allows us to satisfy that demand in a seamless manner which is also the most convenient way for customers with out regard to their location or time zone _ top . Can I store the products in my garage over the winter . We recommend that you do not let our products freeze which can severely effect the performance application and qualities _ top . How long does it take to get my order . We ship every Monday through Friday excluding holidays . If you place your order by 2PM it will be shipped the same day . Please allow 2_5 business days for normal delivery depending on your location . Very rarely we experience back orders . We will keep you informed if your order experiences one . You can also select the method of shipment such as Next Day Air 2 Day etc_ when you place your order _ top . 	0
18280010800257	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . 	0
18290010803142	Thus speaking Portuguese is culturally unusual or different in the United States but culturally expected in Brazil and vice versa . The use of Portuguese or English in a U_S . 	At this ceremony the first prize of 200 second prize of 100 and third prize of 50 will be awarded . The top twenty photographs will be on display at the PBCC through Thanksgiving break and will be exhibited in Farinon Student Center thereafter . 	0
18300066002320	Here is how Lydon and his associates explained things in the blog that introduced the show will not be a show about blogs . It will use blogs to be a show about the world . That can mean a call_in interview with the Saville Row tailor who blogs about his work or telling about belly busters . 	AIDS in South Africa is a fact of life Cole said . One in nine people living there has HIV or AIDS and 15 percent of children under the age of 15 are expected to lose a parent to the disease by 2015 she said . The Muppet there will be a 5_year_old orphan . 	0
18310082902292	This procedure was assisted by Carol but when Greene and Weaver discover the procedure being done in violation of hospital policy and the law he is punished . He was left on for 30 days and was supervised by and Dr_ Greene who had to co_sign his charts . 	In she starred in a TV film based on the book by about a teenager who finds out she was kidnapped from her real family 13 years prior and had been raised by the parents of her kidnapper . She also was in as the voice of Roxanne . 	0
18320017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Dogs can be pretty adaptable so long as you help them out . Do not be fooled by size into thinking a dog will be OK in a small apartment Jack Russell Terriers require a LOT of exercise . Conversely many Mastiffs are content to flop on the floor and do nothing at all while you are gone_What space can you provide it . 	0
18330017302438	Irresponsible breeding contributes to the problem of dog bites and attacks . Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . 	Many of the words used in medicine are made up of parts which are also used in other words . Once you know the meanings of the basic parts of the words you can put them together to understand the meanings of many medical terms . These basic parts of medical terms are called stems prefixes and suffixes . 	0
18340010800257	In international business interactions people who have learned differing conceptions of normative behavior are forced to suspend judgment of one another . 	Multicultural education is compatible with U_S_ democratic ideals and is complementary to quality education . Because most people in the U_S_ live in ethnic and cultural enclaves they have only tangential interactions with and superficial knowledge of people who are culturally different from themselves . 	0
18350010800257	Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . 	0
18360017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . 	0
18370017302438	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
18380017300189	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	Preventive and consistent care is less expensive in the long run . Choose a vet who you are comfortable with and who will answer your questions . Check out the office do animals seem just frightened or are they also out of control . Is it bedlam or reasonable for the number of different animals there . Do you have local recommendations from friends . Does the vet specialize in small animals as opposed to say livestock . 	0
18390018400288	The is a 5 acre 20 000 m located in the of located in . The zoo is operated by the in partnership with the . Queens Zoo zoo New York City borough Queens Flushing Meadows_Corona Park Wildlife Conservation Society New York City Department of Parks and Recreation . The Zoo opened on with the ceremonial ribbon cut by . The zoo is home mostly to animals native to North America . The Queens Zoo is the only one of the five zoos in New York City to exhibit . The zoo was constructed on the site of the and the zoo is aviary is a designed by and used during the 1964 Fair . 	 A microcosm of 300 years of social cultural and political history Bowne House ca . 1661 is the oldest house in Queens and among the oldest in New York City_Welcome to The Bowne House Historical Society . It was built by John Bowne who emigrated from England to Boston in 1649 and settled in Flushing Queens when New York was under Dutch Rule . His family prospered in America the nine generations born and raised in the house produced businessmen horticulturalists educators and politicians . Over the course of 300 years the family left its mark on American culture participating in events of both regional and national significance starting with John Bowne is courageous defense of religious freedom in 1662 an act which established the principles later codified in the Bill of Rights . Bowne House has been a museum since 1947 . Chartered by the New York State Board of Regents the Bowne House Historical Society is mission includes the preservation of the house its contents and grounds for its historical and educational interest for its significance to the history of New York and for its importance in the establishment in this country of the fundamental principles of freedom of conscience and religious liberty . 	0
18400010800257	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . The culturally heterogeneous workforce has an obvious advantage in cross_cultural and management . On the domestic level changing demographic patterns allow for new areas of segmented ethnic marketing . 	The persistence of these types of caricatures about ethnic groups coupled with restricted interethnic group interaction reinforces the need for students to learn accurate information about ethnic groups contributions to the history life and culture of the United States . Thus a major goal of multicultural education is to learn about the historical backgrounds languages cultural characteristics contributions critical events significant individuals and social political and economic conditions of various majority and minority ethnic groups such as AfricanAmericans Hispanics Asian Americans American Indians and Eastern Europeans . This information should be comprehensive analytical and comparative and should include similarities and differences within and among groups . This goal is appropriate for both majority students and for those who are members of various ethnic minority groups . A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . Multicultural education argues to the contrary . Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . 	0
18410017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Preventive and consistent care is less expensive in the long run . Choose a vet who you are comfortable with and who will answer your questions . Check out the office do animals seem just frightened or are they also out of control . Is it bedlam or reasonable for the number of different animals there . Do you have local recommendations from friends . 	0
18420017302438	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . 	0
18430041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . 	Although the names of Timor Genghis Khan and Mahmud of Ghazni are well_known for the destruction they wrought in South and Central Asia the name of the founder of the Afghan nation_state is relatively unknown to Westerners though Ahmad Shah created an Afghan empire that at its largest in the 1760s extended from Central Asia to Delhi and from Kashmir to the Arabian Sea see fig . 2 . There have been greater conquerers in the region before and since Ahmad Shah but never before his reign and rarely since has there been a ruler of this fragmented area capable not only of subduing the truculent Afghan tribes but also of pulling them together into a nation . Ahmad was the second son of the chief of the Sadozai which although small was the most honored of the Abdali lineages . 	0
18440097700181	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . 	The Regina tornado ranks as Canada is most deadly by a single fatality but most experts will agree that the Edmonton storm of 1987 ranks as the nation is most damaging . It was rated as a strong F4 perhaps an F5 . The Edmonton tornado was also one of the most observed storms in Canadian weather history . Video movie footage exists for the full lifetime of the storm on the ground . Similar to the Regina cyclone the Edmonton tornado occurred just before a holiday weekend and at the end of a period of hot and unusually humid weather . 	0
18450018400671	The Queens Zoo is the only one of the five zoos in New York City to exhibit . The zoo was constructed on the site of the and the zoo is aviary is a designed by and used during the 1964 Fair . October 26 1968 Robert Moses 2 Spectacled Bears 1964 New York World is Fair geodesic dome Buckminster Fuller 1  . 	Additional support for Passport Fridays 2008 has been provided by the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs New York State Council on the Arts Independence Community Foundation MetroPlus Health Plan and Elmhurst Hospital_Passport Fridays . No raindates . In Case of Rain program moves inside of museum . For additional information call 718_592_9700  . 	0
18460108500217	It also applied to standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 	New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene is considering a rule change that would allow transgender people born in NYC to have their birth certificates amended . For more information visit the FAQ on the Sylvia Rivera Law Project is site . 	0
18470018400671	Queens Zoo zoo New York City borough Queens Flushing Meadows_Corona Park Wildlife Conservation Society New York City Department of Parks and Recreation . The Zoo opened on with the ceremonial ribbon cut by . The zoo is home mostly to animals native to North America . 	JULY AUGUST 11 18 25 1 8 15 22 . Leave your baggage at home and bring a picnic blanket out to Flushing Meadows Corona Park for the QMA is Free International Outdoor Film Dance and Music Series . The weekly outdoor festivities feature dance performances by participants in the QMA TOPAZ Arts Dance in Queens Residency Program and continue with a live concert and film screening from one of the many countries that fuel Queenscultural artistic vitality . Complementary shorts films will precede each feature film and are co_presented with Arts Engine is Media That Matters Film Festival . West Africa Brazil Morocco China Ecuador India and Mexico are on your all_inclusive summer itinerary . Dance and Music programs begin at 6 30 pm followed by the Film program at 8 pm each Friday . 	0
18480010803142	Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . Even these groups subdivide so that the Scots divide into Lowland and Highland cultures which in turn continue to subdivide into smaller groups and so forth . 	1 . LINC Meeting . In West Africa master drummers enjoy the status and respect that other cultures extend to figures of high prominence_governors priests healers . As keeper of musical lore from his native Ghana is an extraordinary interpreter of African drumming traditions and his charismatic performances with his ensemble pulse with the thrilling energy of drumming dance and song . Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . Obo Addy Okropong w HSL members Event is sponsored by the Hispanic Society of Lafayette . Come out and celebrate at Latino Heritage with a night dance to a variety of Latino musical styles_The Spot Saturday October 11 11pm_3am . Free Salsa Lessons from 11am_12pm . 	0
18490174200884	The oldest wines were the Chateau Margaux 1900 at 11 000 and Chateau Ausone which is 8 500 . We had a quick lunch at the bar while I perused wine history on the list . If one continues to the end of the Saw Mill River Parkway we end up in Katonah home to New York States largest outdoor summer music festival Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts . Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . Reversing directions we head south on Interstate 684 past the Westchester County Airport to SUNY State University of New York Purchase home to the Performing Arts Center and the Neuberger Museum of Art . Now in its 30th season the arts center offers more than 70 performances yearly of dance classical music jazz and theater . 	The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . 	0
18500010800257	Domestic cross_cultural sensitivity increases the likelihood that U_S_ companies will have an edge on cross_cultural issues abroad areas in which competitors from more homogeneous nations would be well versed only after having entered the foreign market in question . DIVERSITY IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE . Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
18510018401795	The is a 5 acre 20 000 m located in the of located in . The zoo is operated by the in partnership with the . Queens Zoo zoo New York City borough Queens Flushing Meadows_Corona Park Wildlife Conservation Society New York City Department of Parks and Recreation . The Zoo opened on with the ceremonial ribbon cut by . The zoo is home mostly to animals native to North America . The Queens Zoo is the only one of the five zoos in New York City to exhibit . 	Any kind of incident that happens in Central Park is almost certain to be considered front page news . This is all well and good . Our parks will become safe places that everyone can enjoy only if the collective voice of righteous indignation is raised whenever and wherever something happens . We must however point out that in this respect all parks apparently are not created equal . Fourteen robberies a vicious beating and a murder in Central Park would have sent a wave of indignation throughout the city . We do not recall anything much happening after Flores murder or Park is assault . The unpleasant but logical only conclusion possible is that in some quarters what happens in this borough does not count for much . Queens is a part of the city of New York and so is Flushing Meadows_Corona Park . It is about time some media outlets and even some people in fairly high places recognized that fact . 	0
18520010800257	This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	The intent is to teach youths to respect and embrace ethnic pluralism to realize that cultural differences are not synonymous with deficiencies or inferiorities and to recognize that diversity is an integral part of the human condition and U_S_ life . Clarifying ethnic attitudes and values is designed to help students understand that some conflict of values is unavoidable in ethnically and racially pluralistic societies that conflict does not have to be corrosive and divisive when managed well it can be a catalyst for social progress that there is strength in ethnic and cultural pluralism that ethnic allegiance and national loyalty are not irreconcilable and that cooperation and coalition among ethnic groups are not dependent upon having identical beliefs values and behaviors NCSS 1992 . 	0
18530010800257	This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	When educators claim that their top priority is to treat all children like human beings regardless of ethnic identity cultural background or economic status they are creating a paradox . A person is humanity cannot be isolated or divorced from his or her culture or ethnicity . One cannot be human without culture and ethnicity and one cannot have culture and ethnicity without being human . As Lisa Delpit states If one does not see color one does not really see children Delpit 1992 . Therefore to acknowledge and respect one another to be fully human requires mutual understanding and appreciation based on cultural understanding Gay 1991 Spindler 1987 . The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . 	0
18540174200884	Canandaigua which is 16 miles long with the smallest number of wineries 4 but also contains the NY Wine Culinary Center at the northern end in the town of Canandaigua . Keuka Lake is 22 miles long with Hammondsport at the southern end and has the highest elevation of any of the major lakes . It is the only lake in the world that flows both North and South . Seneca Lake is 38 miles long and is the deepest at 630 feet . Over 1_3 million visitors visited the 60 wineries along the lake . Geneva is on the northern end we stayed at the Ramada Inn Lakefront Geneva and Watkins Glen on the southern end . Cayuga Lake is the longest at 40 miles and developed the first NY Wine Trail in 1983 . Ithaca on the southern end is the home to Cornell University . There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . 	She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . I m very impressed with the Ritz_Carlton training . Every hotel employee carries the Ritz_Carlton credo with them at all times a reminder of the company is focus on quality service . With no pockets Running kept hers in her shoe . Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . 	0
18550010801758	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	To say that I have problems with my written abilities is an understatement . I usually do not make a good first impression . I struggle with oral presentations quite often what I would say out loud will have no correlation with what I wanted to say and I will not be aware of that fact . I have a hard time with linear discussions . To say it mildly I do not fit the type of person that you would think would or should work for a chemical company let alone be involved in Research and Development . When I joined BASF many years ago I was very worried as to how I would be accepted by my co_workers and management . Would I have to be someone I am not and try to hide my disabilities . Could BASF look past my disabilities to focus on my abilities . I need not have worried . My co_workers here at Southfield allowed me to be me . They accept me for who I am not on my spelling abilities etc . That is a simple but very powerful statement . I do not have to hide away in shame factors that I had no control over . 	0
18560017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . 	0
18570017300189	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . Dogs acquired for this reason often wind up in the shelters when the parents find out that they are the dog is primary caretaker_You are still responsible for the dog when you get one for your kid . 	0
18580017302438	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . To find out more about wikis see the . This textbook grew out of the First Aid article at Wikipedia . 	0
18590010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	As Kimball 1987 states the basic caretaking practices of human survival are essentially the same for everyone but their pattern organization and learning are specific . Hence humans are social beings who carry within them their individual biological and psychological traits as well as the legacies of their ethnic group is historical background collective heritage and cultural experiences . When educators claim that their top priority is to treat all children like human beings regardless of ethnic identity cultural background or economic status they are creating a paradox . A person is humanity cannot be isolated or divorced from his or her culture or ethnicity . 	0
18600010803142	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	Wednesday October 15 at 7 30 PM in Kirby 104 . Washington DC attorney Michael Hausfeld he Price of Liberty . In 2000 Daniel Bauer was honored with the extraordinary title of successor to the legendary Harry Houdini . As a world_class escape artist Mr . Bauer performed on WB Fox and NBC and was poised for international stardom . That is until he was diagnosed as HIV Positive and he lost everything his sponsors dropped him his parents abandoned him and he spiraled into the desperate self_loathing of a drug_induced rock bottom . Today Bauer stands as one of the nation is largest public figures for HIV AIDS awareness and fights against the stigmas and discrimination associated with the diagnosis . At Lafayette he will share his personal experiences on fame fortune and a life with HIV AIDS . 	0
18610017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . 	If you must try these check the health of the puppies carefully . As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . 	0
18620018200317	The Bobcats have had 3 head coaches in their tenure in Bismarck John Becanic Chad Johnson and Dane Litke  . 	For a second I think I could not have seen it . But it appears again in a different spot a bright white light hovering in a nearby bush . If I were anywhere else I would think the light belonged to a wayward hiker with a powerful flashlight . Or maybe a nocturnal animal with ultra_reflective eyes read more 2008 Gear Guide . 	0
18630097700181	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . 	Most areas on south_central and north Edmonton received more than 40 mm of rain over the course of the day and in some localized deluges approximately 30 to 40 mm of rain fell in one hour . Twenty_seven died over 300 suffered injuries and more than 300 homes were destroyed . The damage was estimated at 330 million . 	0
18640174202922	My last stop was at Zachys one of New Yorks largest and finest wine shops . Founded in 1944 in the heart of Scarsdale village and across the street from the Metro North railroad station it has expanded many times . The two Enomatic Machines that dispense Argon gas especially impressed me and each has 8 wines available to taste . 	All of this elegance fine food and terrific service come at a price of course 37 to be exact . The fixed price includes a drink appetizer main course and the desert presentation . Yes that is expensive significantly more for significantly less food than you can gorge yourself on most weekend brunch buffets on the Strip . 	0
18650010800257	Demographic shifts based on population changes and immigration have led to the reassessment of native_born non_Hispanic whites . 	A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . Multicultural education argues to the contrary . 	0
18660018201190	Jump to navigation search . The are a team in the central division and play out of in the . 	In spite of this little is known of their behaviour ecology or status . To increase public knowledge we have compiled fact sheets on all wild cats . Reproduction of these fact sheets is encouraged . The intention of writing them was to help spread the word on the small cats and we urge you to continue the process . 	0
18670017302438	In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . By working through the course you will learn the core principles of first aid and can also specialize in skills needed to care for either children or older dependants . You can return to any of the stages as often as you need and at your own convenience . 	0
18680017300189	In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	Many parks beaches and lakes are closed to dogs because of irresponsible owners in this regard_You are responsible for your pet is behavior . Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . 	0
18690041002863	In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . Since then he is often regarded as the founder of modern Afghanistan . After the inauguration he changed his title or clans name to which derives from the Persian word meaning . Abdali 46 Lahore Ali Qoli Ahmad Shah Abdali loya jirga Kandahar 1 47 48 DurraniDurrPearl 46 . By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	To that end he was willing to delay taking Herat and Qandahar and to deal with whatever foreign power could advance his objectives . Clearly he preferred the British and he was apparently even willing to agree to the humiliating British ultimatum delivered to him by Burnes in March 1838 . The British demanded that Dust Mohammad desist from all contact with the Iranians and Russians dismiss the Russian agent from Kabul surrender all claims to Peshawar and respect Peshawar is independence as well as that of Qandahar . In return the British government suggested that it would ask Ranjit Singh to reconcile himself with the Afghans and to appoint any Afghan he chose on whatever terms he chose to rule Peshawar . Dust Mohammad is agreement to these disadvantageous terms was not enough to placate Auckland however and when he refused to put the agreement in writing Dust Mohammad turned away from the British and began to negotiate with the Russian agent . 	0
18700041000658	In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . The Afghans gathered at and chose Ahmad Shah as their King . Since then he is often regarded as the founder of modern Afghanistan . After the inauguration he changed his title or clans name to which derives from the Persian word meaning . Abdali 46 Lahore Ali Qoli Ahmad Shah Abdali loya jirga Kandahar 1 47 48 DurraniDurrPearl 46 . By 1751 Ahmad Shah Durrani and his Afghan army conquered the entire present_day Afghanistan Pakistan Khorasan and Kohistan provinces of Iran along with in India . In October 1772 Ahmad Shah retired to his home in Kandahar where he died peacefully . He was succeeded by his son who transferred the capital from Kandahar to Kabul . Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	What determined the outcome of the battle however was not firepower but the Afghan forces bold maneuver backed by Ayub Khan is effective command and control . Afghan maneuver changed the correlation of forces at the decisive moment when highly motivated swords and spears were more effective in command and control than modern rifles . At this time the Afghan infantry had reached a line one_half mile from the British positions with the Herati regiments facing the Grenadiers and the Kabuli regiments advancing against the Jacob is Rifles . The British commander ordered his troops to repel the impending Afghan attack by rifle fire . As the Heratis reached a line 800 yards from the British positions the Grenadiers opened up with a regimental volley causing heavy losses in the Afghan ranks . 	0
18710010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . If an organization were for example to limit itself to the hiring of nonimmigrant white males with no strong ethnic ties the norm for the 1950s the number of people available to fill the requisite positions would be too small . 	Every action that they take is unavoidably culturebound . Effective understanding of the educational process in a pluralistic society such as the United States requires that teaching and learning be viewed as aspects of various cultural milieux Kimball 1978 . Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . 	0
18720133302696	The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . A total of 1 163 C_54 R5Ds were built for the United States military services between 1942 and January 1946_ landing gear DC_6 DC_7 . C54E_DC VH_PAF Archerfield 2007 . Douglas continued to develop the type during the war in preparation for a return to airline services when peace returned . However the type is sales prospects were hit by the offloading of 500 wartime C_54s and R5Ds onto the civil market . DC_4s were a favorite of such as Great Lakes Airlines North American Airlines Universal Airlines Transocean Airlines etc . In the 1950s Transocean Airlines Oakland California was the largest operator of the DC_4_ charter airlines . Douglas produced just 79 new_build DC_4s before production ceased on _ was available as an option but all civilian DC_4s and C_54s were built unpressurized . 	It is believed that this addiction compounded the symptoms of Hughes obsessive_compulsive disorder_ codeine morphine . Once one of the most visible men in America Hughes ultimately vanished from public view although the tabloids continued to follow rumors of his behavior and whereabouts . He was variously reported to be terminally ill mentally unstable or even dead . Eventually Hughes only had his hair cut and nails trimmed once a year . Several doctors were kept in the house but Hughes rarely saw them and usually refused to follow their advice . Toward the end of his life his inner circle was largely composed of as they were the only people he considered trustworthy even though Hughes himself was not a member of their . Mormons church . Hughes equipped this 1954 with an aircraft_grade air filtration system which took up the entire trunk . Chrysler New Yorker edit Las Vegas Baron and Recluse . The wealthy and aging Howard Hughes accompanied by his entourage of personal aides began moving from one hotel to another always taking up residence in the top floor penthouse . 	0
18730017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . Many breeders will want to know what you plan to do about reproduction . Many will require that a pet quality puppy be neutered and withhold registry papers until receipt of proof of neutering thus making any puppies from that dog unregisterable . If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . 	0
18740041000658	In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . Original homelands of the have been proposed as Anatolia Kurdistan Central Asia Iran or Northern India with the directions of the historical migration varying accordingly . Later during the rule of and after it was called Er nshahr meaning Dominion of the Aryans . 	It became clear that their loyalty was suspect and Burrows and Sher Ali agreed to bring them back across the river and disarm them . Before this could be done the Afghan infantry and artillery mutinied and moved to join the army from Herat . Much of the cavalry remained loyal . The British brigade launched a pursuit across the Helmand against the mutineers and recaptured the guns but not the artillery horses . Burrows formed an ad hoc battery with the captured smoothbores but lacking artillery horses he evacuated only 50 rounds per gun . The rest of the artillery ammunition was thrown into deep water holes in the Helmand River_7 . 	0
18750140702384	The Arizona Game and Fish Department has developed a Comprehensive Wildlife Conservation Strategy CWCS a 10_year vision for managing Arizona s fish wildlife and natural habitats . This effort enlisted input and partnerships with various agency cooperators sportsman and recreational groups conservation organizations special interest groups Native American tribes county and municipal governments and the general public . The Arizona Game and Fish Department works to recover threatened and endangered species to help urban residents appreciate and coexist with our unique wildlife to educate children about the environment and to create new opportunities for outdoor recreation . Research is a key element in the Arizona Game and Fish Department is conservation and management efforts . It is the result of research that helps determine the methods to best conserve our wildlife and habitat . 	A Narrative of their travels at the Missouri HeadwatersLewis Clark on the Jefferson River . By Thomas J_ Elpel . Little was known about North America west of the Mississippi at the beginning of the 1800s . The Missouri River flowed east merging with the Mississippi en_route to the Gulf of Mexico while the Columbia flowed west from a similar latitude and spilled into the Pacific Ocean . It was hoped that there might be a navigable water route with a low portage connecting these two rivers to facilitate commerce across the continent . During 1804 and 1805 the Corp_ of Discovery commanded by co_captains Meriwether Lewis and William Clark traveled more than 4 000 miles by foot canoe and horseback from Saint Louis up the Missouri River across the Rocky Mountains and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . The following year they turned around and traveled all the way back home . It was an eclectic group with the two captains Clark is slave York the teenage Indian woman Sacagawea with her infant child and Lewis dog Seaman plus numerous soldiers hunters boatmen and French trappers . Their adventures became one of the world is greatest exploration stories documented through the journals of Lewis and Clark and their men . The Louisiana Purchase . England France and Spain had competing claims on the American interior throughout the 1700s a competition that ultimately helped the United States gain her freedom and her size . England won control of the upper Mississippi and Northwest Territories from France in the French and Indian War of the 1860 is . England wanted to reserve these lands for a fur trade monopoly and therefore forbid the American colonists to settle west of the Appalachians . 	0
18760106000694	Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . So go with the best Dive Rincon Dive Taino . Capital Water Sports Xtreme Rentals Red Shark Banana Boat Tow Float . Diving Fishing Water Ski Desecheo Mona Island Trips Sunset Moonlight Cruises . Kayaks Sunfish Sailboats Surfboards Body Boards Water Skis Scuba Snorkel Gear Fishing Rods Beach Chairs Umbrellas Floats Life Vests Bicycles Skateboards_Surf Snorkel Sail Water Ski Swim Skate lessons . Bikinis Swim Wear Logo T_Shirts Shorts Towels Island Jewelry more . Located in Sunset Village . Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	If you are traveling with a group consider renting out the entire villa . It sleeps 10 and goes for a reasonable 840 per night . Casa Bomberosis named for the NYC firefighters that own it . This large andsecluded vacation house offers privacy in a beautiful setting in the middle of Puntas . This two_unit villa has a pool with Tiki bar ocean views several terraces a BBQ grill and loads of amenities . The home can be rented as a six bedroom a four bedroom or a two bedroom . We welcome to . For a closer look at this great vacation rental visit their . Casa BomberosRincon . Online website has established itself as a favorite of many Rincon visitors_Suites at 413 Located on scenic Road 413 in Puntas this stylish house offers modern minimalist suites with wood floors and marble baths . A rooftop terrace offers scenic views of Rincon is beaches and is the perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine while watching the night sky . The four suites accommodate up to sixteen guests making it perfect for groups traveling together . We welcome to our pages . For more or to reserve a Suite at 413 visit theirSuites at 413 website _ not only offers great food in a beachside setting it has the friendliest owners . Recently a group of guests ofHarbor Restaurant Tres Sirenas Beach Inn decided to take a leisurely walk to Sunset Village where they stopped in at for a delicious seafood dinner . As the evening wore on the diners had such a great time they nearly closed the place . They bid goodnight to owners David Acosta and Omayda Guerra who upon hearing that they intended to walk back to Tres Sirenas insisted on giving them a ride to their beachfront accommodations . Now that is Rincon . Harbor Restaurant . The fab Blue Boy Inn now has a a huge and classy pool . This . The Blue Boy Gets Wet!elegant B B is a short walk from the best beaches in the Caribbean . 	0
18770133302696	Additional versions used by the were designated . The first aircraft a C_54 flew from in on . June 7 1938 Benny Howard Eastern United States Army Air Forces C_54 Skymaster US Navy R5D Clover Field Santa Monica California February 14 1942 . Very few DC_4s remain in service today though 26 remained airworthy in 2007 including C_54s . The last three passenger DC_4s believed to be running worldwide all operate out of historic in Germiston near in . Two fly old SAA colors . They are ZS_AUB Outeniqua and ZS_BMH Lebombo and are owned by the and operated by an company specialised in Classic Airliner charters to exotic destinations in Africa . The other Skymaster is ZS_AUA Tafelberg which is also operated by Skyclass Aviation but is leased from the . 1 Rand Airport Johannesburg South Africa South African Airways South African Airways Museum Society 1 Skyclass Aviation 2 Dutch Dakota Association edit Production . The DC_4 had a notable innovation in that its nosewheel allowed it to incorporate a fuselage of constant cross_section for most of its length . This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . 	In 1953 Hughes launched the in formed with the express goal of basic including trying to understand in Hughes words the genesis of life itself . Hughes first will that he signed in 1925 at the age of 19 stipulated that a portion of his estate should be used to create a medical institute bearing his name . Hughes gave all his stock in the Hughes Aircraft Company to the institute thereby turning the aerospace and defense contractor into a tax_exempt charity . The Howard Hughes Medical Institute is new board of trustees sold Hughes Aircraft in 1985 to General Motors for US 5_2 billion allowing the institute to grow dramatically . 	0
18780017300189	Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	They should be able to tell you about some of their previous puppies . They should be able and willing to discuss the health and well being of the parents of your puppy including eye conditions hip dysplasia etc . In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . 	0
18790010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	They also are intended to ensure that ethnic and cultural groups that traditionally have been victimized and excluded will become fullfledged participants at all levels of society with all of the attendant rights privileges and responsibilities . Multicultural education contributes directly to developing skills for democratic citizenship in the United States and the global village . 	0
18800041000658	It has been speculated that might have originated in what is now Afghanistan between 1800 to 800 BC as lived and died in . Ancient such as may have been spoken in this region around the time of the rise of Zoroastrianism . 	This encumbered the maneuver force with a large slow_moving unwieldy element that slowed the pace of advance to a crawl and tied up a significant portion of the combat force in trains protection_Logistics is a problem for an expeditionary force . The British force expected to meet the Afghan advance guard but met the entire army . The British did not have a good order of battle for the Afghan forces . The British human intelligence effort was fairly efficient but did not provide intelligence quickly enough . 	0
18810017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . Chemical reactions occur in each body cell . Some chemical reactions synthesize new enzymes cell structures bone and other components of the body . 	0
18820010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
18830079902118	When average_sized women are pregnant for example part of their weight gain is to lay down a layer of fat to provide energy during childbirth and breastfeeding . Since larger women already have access to fat storage they not need the same number of calories . 	This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . 	0
18840017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . Good breeders often have a waiting list of potential puppy buyers and often will not breed until they know they can place all the resulting puppies . 	0
18850181601326	A few other states such as allow although do not require out of state students to register their vehicles in state citation needed citation needed New York citation needed . When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . 	A change in the name or address of the person or persons owning or leasing the motor vehicle trailer or motorcycle . A change in the use of the motor vehicle trailer or motorcycle from personal to business use or vice versa . Occurrence of an event which causes a motor vehicle trailer or motorcycle to acquire or lose location . 	0
18860010800257	A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	Because ethnic and cultural diversity in U_S_ society is not sufficiently reflected in educational decisions and practices schools frequently become discontinuous or out of sync with the populations that they are supposed to serve . This discontinuity exists most often when schools are controlled by individuals from the dominant culture who use only their standards to guide actions but the population that they serve does not practice similar cultural standards La Belle 1976 . 	0
18870133302696	It was intended to fulfil requirement for a long_range passenger airliner . Retrospectively this aircraft became known as the E for experimental . It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . 	H_4 Hercules . The H_4 Hercules was originally contracted by the U_S_ government for use in as a viable way to transport troops and equipment across the Atlantic instead of sea_going troop transports that were liable to the threat of German . 	0
18880048402554	Production of the initial 225 AGM_86B missiles began in fiscal year and production of a total 1 715 missiles was completed in October 1986 . 	The Block IIR series are replenishment satellites developed by . Each satellite weighs 4 480 pounds 2 030 kg at launch and 2 370 pounds 1 080 kg once on orbit . The first attempted launch of a Block IIR satellite failed on January 17 1997 when the rocket exploded 12 seconds into flight . The first successful launch was on July 23 1997 . Twelve satellites in the series were successfully launched . 	0
18890011900139	It is our wish for our readership to understand that no race of beings is superior to another in the eyes of God . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . 	0
18900017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The conditions are explained step_by_step treatment protocols are given and this is followed by additional links for related topics and treatment . 	0
18910144501756	Satellites in geostationary orbit must all occupy a single ring above the equator . The requirement to space these satellites apart means that there are a limited number of orbital slots available thus only a limited number of satellites can be placed in geostationary orbit . 	The orientation of the satellite in relationship to the earth and the sun_Attitude Control . Devoting more bandwidth to downstream downloads traffic than upstream uploads . Asymmetrical . The angle of rotation horizontal that a ground based parabolic antenna must be rotated through to point to a specific satellite in a geosynchronous orbit . The azimuth angle for any particular satellite can be determined for any point on the surface of the earth giver the latitude and longitude of that point . 	0
18920010800257	The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . 	The net result of these demographic changes is that the United States is becoming a more pluralistic society than it has ever been . Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . 	0
18930010800257	Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . Diversity can refer to job_related functions . In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . 	Therefore it is useful for educators to develop their own definitions of multicultural education within the general boundaries outlined above to fit their specific needs rather than imposing a universal structure to implement multicultural education . Multiculturalists also agree that multicultural education has implications for decisionmaking that will affect operations at all levels of education including instruction administration governance counseling program planning performance appraisal and school climate . 	0
18940017300189	Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . Spaying and neutering can eliminate or reduce the incidence of a number of health problems that can be very difficult or expensive to treat . 	A dog will live from 10 to 20 years depending on its breed size and general health . This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . You must make provisions for it when you go on vacation . It needs attention love and respect from you feeding and watering it are not enough . 	0
18950125801816	This approach can help others see programs in a new light but it is difficult to find a qualified and unbiased connoisseur . 	Appraisers present their formal analysis in appraisal reports . There are many reasons to obtain an appraisal with the most common reason being real estate and mortgage transactions . Other reasons for ordering an appraisal include . 	0
18960139402372	The captured heat is transferred into the domestic hot water system by a heat exchanger . This design is smaller and more efficient than traditional flat plate collectors and works well in very cold climates . 	Water quality is monitored using a comprehensive network of observation points and with the aid of a monitoring programme . The air quality in the area is also measured continuously . 	0
18970097700181	Cloud which had been spared by the tornado became the center of relief efforts following the destruction . The who operated the hospital worked 48 hours straight until aid arrived from nearby towns and and . Over 50 patients were taken to St . Mary is school and convent in nearby where the teaching sisters served as nurses . St . 	The power of the storm destroyed or damaged beyond repair more that 200 of the 600 trailers 91 were completely flattened . Fifteen of the park is 1700 residents died and scores were injured . Soon thereafter its fury spent the tornado dissipated . It had remained on the ground for about an hour cutting a swath of destruction 40 kilometres 25 miles long and as great as a kilometre 0_6 miles wide . 	0
18980144501756	television satellites have used and orbits due to the high latitudes of the receiving audience . The first satellite placed into a geostationary orbit was the 3 launched by a rocket in 1964_ communications satellites broadcast satellites SBAS Russian elliptical Molniya Tundra Syncom Delta_D . 	ODU components include an antenna equipped with a feed system capable of receiving and transmitting a microwave radio known as a BUC Block_Up_Converter and an LNB low noise block down converter used to convert the signal gathered by the feed . The IDU is typically a modem and it converts the data video or voice generated by the customer application for transmission over satellite . The power of a BUC is measured in watts of transmitting power_VSAT . 	0
18990010800257	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
19000010803142	While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . 	The block party is sponsored by the Office of the Dean of Students Lafayette Intercultural Network Council Office of Recreation Services and the Arts Society with support from the Department of Athletics Maroon Club and the Office of Residence Life . The campus community is going to get creative this weekend as music dance art activities food and drink highlight the seventh annual Block party . 	0
19010010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
19020139400703	At night or when insufficient sunlight is present circulation through the panel can be stopped by closing a valve and or stopping the circulating pump to keep hot water in the storage tank from cooling . 	Change can be profitable . For more information on cost comparisons _ click here . Reliable and flexible . Natural gas water heaters are the best choice for commercial buildings because they cost less to operate and they deliver more hot water where its needed in less time than electric heaters . Industry has long understood that natural gas is the fuel of choice when it comes to heating water . 	0
19030017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . There will be some value that occurs most frequently the mode in the case of a perfectly symmetric curve like the one above this value will also be the average mean . Symmetric curves like this occur surprisingly frequently so I will continue to use it as an example . Here breed 1 is represented by and breed 2 is represented by o . 	0
19040181600645	A few other states such as allow although do not require out of state students to register their vehicles in state citation needed citation needed New York citation needed . When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . 	A public record is any writing or recording regardless of whether it is a paper record an electronic file an audio or video recording or any other format that is prepared or owned by or in the possession of a public body or its officers employees or agents in the transaction of public business . All public records are presumed to be open and may only be withheld if a specific statutory exemption applies . 	0
19050017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . 	0
19060017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . 	0
19070041002863	In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . 	In 1837 the Iranians advanced on Herat with the support and advice of Russian officers . The second immediate reason for British anxiety over Russian intentions was the presence in Kabul in 1837 of alone Russian agent who was ostensibly there like Burnes for commercial discussions . The concerns of Dost Mohammad are also easy to discern . 	0
19080010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
19090041000658	Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . In 1722 Mir Mahmud led an Afghan army to sacked the city and proclaimed himself . However the great majority still rejected the Afghan regime as usurping and after the massacre of thousands of civilians in Isfahan by the Afghans including more than three thousand religious scholars nobles and members of the Safavid family the was eventually removed from power by a new ruler of Persia . 	The whole army was tired and thirsty after a long march . Many tribal irregulars wanted to evacuate their wounded and dead comrades from the battlefield . Afghans still speak of a legendary heroine named Malalawho with a number of other Afghan women helped on the battlefield . 	0
19100041002863	Mir Wais held the region of Kandahar until his death in 1715 and was succeeded by his son . In 1722 Mir Mahmud led an Afghan army to sacked the city and proclaimed himself . However the great majority still rejected the Afghan regime as usurping and after the massacre of thousands of civilians in Isfahan by the Afghans including more than three thousand religious scholars nobles and members of the Safavid family the was eventually removed from power by a new ruler of Persia . 	Shah Mahmud lasted only three years before being replaced by yet another of Timur Shah is sons Shuja who ruled for six years from 1803 to 1809 . Only a few weeks after signing an agreement with the British in 1809 Shuja was deposed by his predecessor Mahmud whose second reign lasted nine years until 1818 . 	0
19110010803142	Thus speaking Portuguese is culturally unusual or different in the United States but culturally expected in Brazil and vice versa . The use of Portuguese or English in a U_S . 	Honored in 1996 with a National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts Addy has a decades_long presence on the international performance scene and is one of the key originators of the World beat musical movement_Williams Center for the Arts Friday October 10 8 00 pm . 	0
19120091102864	It is the smallest and least_used border crossing of the 43 ports of entry along the border with Mexico . The crossing which is open solely for non_commercial traffic is open every day from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon . 	In 1820 Moses Austin then living in Missouri received from the Spanish authorities of Mexico a grant of land in Texas and dying his son Stephen F_ received a confirmation of the grant in 1823 . Emigrants from the United States flocked into Texas . 	0
19130181602057	In the U_S_ states of most plates issued prior to 1988 see note below and license plates are only required on the rear of the vehicle . Some vanity and specialty plates in and are issued in pairs but only the rear plate is required to be displayed the optional front plate is something of a bonus for paying an extra fee for the plate . 	By 2004 all states will be required to adopt the stricter standard or face penalties which include the loss of federal highway trust fund money ranging from 2_8 percent is determined depending on how soon after 2004 the standard is adopted . The fund collects money from a 4_3 federal gasoline tax and distributes it to states for building highways bridges and other infrastructures . 	0
19140181600822	In the U_S_ states of most plates issued prior to 1988 see note below and license plates are only required on the rear of the vehicle . Some vanity and specialty plates in and are issued in pairs but only the rear plate is required to be displayed the optional front plate is something of a bonus for paying an extra fee for the plate . 	Authorizes Northampton County to impose a transient occupancy tax at a rate up to five percent with any revenues collected in excess of two percent to be used for tourism and marketing of tourism initiatives . 	0
19150074900788	There have been occasional studies asserting the essentiality of but it currently has no known RDA_ nickel 7 is sometimes described as essential . It is implicated in sugar metabolism in humans leading to a market for the supplement but definitive biochemical evidence for a physiological function is lacking . 	In females the blood loss that occurs with menstruation adds to the increased iron requirement of adolescence . 4 . Pregnant women . Increased iron utilization by the developing fetus and placenta as well as blood volume expansion significantly increase the iron requirement during pregnancy . 4 . Individuals with chronic blood loss . Chronic bleeding or acute blood loss may result in iron deficiency . 	0
19160010800257	A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	A mistake frequently made by educators is to assume either that members of ethnic minority groups already know their culture and history or that this kind of knowledge is relevant only to them . Multicultural education argues to the contrary . 	0
19170017302438	The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	As a result you will be better able to perform your job or medical MOS . See also . Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . 	0
19180017300189	The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	The book is profusely illustrated with excellent quality photographs and a 3_5 page article . This book makes a good effort to show every color and every coat type of each breed in the various photos . 	0
19190163302376	Their size is generally 25 to 35 nm in diameter and they primarily contain a range of and . They are cleared from the into the by or further degraded to form particles_Intermediate_density lipoproteins lipoprotein very low_density lipoproteins chylomicrons VLDL LDL HDL blood triacylglycerols cholesterol esters plasma liver receptor_mediated endocytosis LDL . 	A protein that is linked to cholesterol to form this cholesterol complex is called a lipoprotein . There are several different types of lipoproteins . When talking about cholesterol though we normally talk about two types of lipoproteins . One is good and the other be bad . 	0
19200154901044	Therapeutic weight loss in individuals who are or can decrease the likelihood of developing diseases such as high blood pressure and certain types of _ overweight obese diabetes 4 heart disease stroke osteoarthritis 5 cancer . 	Low carbohydrate versions of beer and other types of alcohol are not recommended . The manufacturing of a solid product requires a different processing method for binding the carbohydrates with proteins . 	0
19210017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . 	0
19220017302438	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . As a member of the Army Medical Department you are expected to know how to perform basic lifesaving procedures in an emergency . 	0
19230079901122	This is why it is important to read labels and be very aware of the carb content of typical foods . A generalized guide of how many carbs are found in which food types is found below . It is helpful to know these if you want a bit more flexibility in your food plan_carbohydrates refer to dairy foods fruits andstarchescount carbohydratescombinedallvery are also an important thing to consider . 	However researches and studies have been made to uplift the situation of diabetic patients . It is still in a development stage but all the approaches present helpful treatments for this disease_Is there a cure for diabetes . 	0
19240017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	During this course you will learn to identify and define a stem a prefix and a suffix . You will also learn how they are used in combination to describe a medical term . You will also benefit from a thorough knowledge of and Vital life signs are very important . They tell you and other medical personnel about the patient is present condition . 	0
19250017302438	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . 	0
19260017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	A dog can be a good way to teach children about responsibility but the dog is still your main responsibility . Dogs acquired for this reason often wind up in the shelters when the parents find out that they are the dog is primary caretaker_You are still responsible for the dog when you get one for your kid . Find some good books and read up . 	0
19270017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . Many breeders will want to know what you plan to do about reproduction . Many will require that a pet quality puppy be neutered and withhold registry papers until receipt of proof of neutering thus making any puppies from that dog unregisterable . If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . 	0
19280163303065	Each native IDL particle consists of protein that encircles various fatty acids enabling as a water soluble particle these fatty acids to travel in the aqueous environment as part of the fat transport system within the body . 	Read through your resume the night before to familiarize yourself with the information the interviewer has about you . Be prepared to explain all details . Be aware of any red flag areas such as gaps in employment that you will probably have to address with the interviewer . For useful advice on how to deal with potentially difficult topics during the interview go to handling difficult questions . 	0
19290017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . 	0
19300017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	Instruction is provided for performing these procedures for an adult casualty a child and an infant . Study and know these procedures BEFORE you are faced with an emergency . In this subcourse you will study wound healing and wound care contaminated wounds and burns . Information you read in this subcourse will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . In that pursuit do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . 	0
19310028302970	In exchange for acquiring the ARM core through the foundry is in_house design services the customer can reduce or eliminate payment of ARM is upfront license fee . 	 1_50 51_78 directopedia_org uses links and structure from dmoz The contents has been generating using technology developed by scientec . Help building the largest human_edited directory of the web . Wikipedia_Article Computers . A drawing of the everyday computer . A is a machine capable of processing according to a  a list of instructions . The data to be processed may represent many types of information including numbers text pictures or sound_computer data program . Computers can be extremely versatile . 	0
19320125800381	The drawback is these studies can be corrupted or subverted by the politically motivated actions of the participants . 	This price bridging method can be beneficial to you regardless if your home is valued at 50 000 or 500 000 . If you are interested in obtaining the maximum exposure for your Knox County Ohio home we are only a phone call away . Sam Miller . RE MAX Stars Realty 740 397_7800 . Thursday February 12 2009 by Sam Miller . 	0
19330179400753	They are instructed to perform the exit procedure for a subject who has reached the end through the cube and is about to meet his final challenge . They find that it is none other than Owen one of their missing colleagues . In the process of the exit procedure when asked if he believes in God he answers no . The answer results in his immediate _ incineration . Wynn argues with Dodd over the fate of Owen . After realizing that working in the Cube is inhumane he decides to enter the cube to save Rains and help her party to the exit . One of the cube is supervisors called Jax and two analysts who report to him come to Wynn Dodd is work stations to handle the situation created by Wynn is decision to help Rains . Despite their efforts to stop them Wynn and Rains make it to the exit room with the help of Dodd after he finds Wynn is portrait of himself and feels sorry for Wynn is plight who sabotages the connection to the control panels servicing the cube and subsequently pays with his life when Jax catches him red handed_The sabotage causes the cube to go into reset mode which means that the cube will align to its starting position and a clean sweep will commence which will vaporize any living tissue still remaining inside the cube after a limited period of time . Once they reach an exit room a cube room through which the outside world may be accessed they manage to use a secret auxiliary exit just before the clean sweep and after swimming through water for some distance they reach land and try to escape . However soldiers searching for them have already arrived these are referred to as Squad in the movie identified by a tattoo on their forehead that resembles the Izon logo . 	next safety solvent simile solvent tutorial solvent properties water fast dry safety solvent reagent grade solvent parts cleaner solvent paint and solvent and coatings sales acetone isopropanol solvent mixture monitoring hp 11 solvent based ink solvent extraction diagram effects of solvent on the lungs topsol adhestive solvent airless sprayers solvent base sealer cyclone solvent distiller iso 14001 solvent parts washing n_heptane solvent w a wood stoddard solvent 150 solvent turco solvent gaskets rubber solvent solvent resistant v ring distilled water is not the solvent paint solvent recycle machine scalp solvent non chlorinated solvent pd 680 solvent solvent substitution for n_methyl pyrrolidone dmt solvent googone what is regripping solvent made of kleen mineral spirits solvent used solvent printer solvent extraction solvent extraction of soybeans solvent free paints solvent cement carlson lamson session solvent intrusion adhesive solvent inlet filter p n 6101 superior f140 solvent starded solvent solvent waste regulations definition hp 9000 solvent printer solvent wash bottle fluorinated epdm fpm paint solvent compatability solvent extraction machines recovery bi_o_kleen soy solvent cleaner degreaser solvent for tin deposition printer head solvent solvent for p_bromoacetanilide recrystallization spantex solvent 400 solvent extraction of tar sands union carbide polysulfone solvent carnauba solvent pill inject solvent tank fire suppression internal energy of solvent molecules thermal solvent hybrid experiments otis bor solvent q3c solvent trash container evaporative solvent epoxy based paint aromatic solvent solvent kleene printing ink solvent solvent cleaner for painted wood gemstrip solvent 427 solvent plant fire wisconsin solvent distillation still emissions rain_x washer solvent what does the universal solvent mean solvent waste regulations definition polyethylene terephthalate solvent solvent method 30 solvent parts solvent welding polyester v80 solvent pd680 solvent solvent printing digital pricing mixed solvent recrystallization universal solvent advantages solvent miscibility solvent sinks ultrasonic heated dowmar solvent still solvent poisioning solvent solute solution vinyl distributors solvent printers solvent filter system alkanolamine solvent solvent ddd cherokee 152 solvent nmp solvent msds solvent storage cabiinets is water a solvent solvent red 18 21260 acetone nonpolar solvent definition rf values solvent front viking safety solvent msds definition of solvent extraction home equity loans percent solvent solvent wood floor cleaner solvent polyurethane solvent distributors epi solvent adhesive for flexible pvc battery corrosion solvent tutorial abs solvent p_d_680 solvent msds examples of solvent and solute theta solvent of polymers hood ventilation astm standard solvent dispensing solvent transfer artists solvent essence e 100 125 internal energy of solvent molecules spent solvent use as ingredient what is solvent drag meaning of solvent solvent analysis solvent systems inc solvent brush organic solvent extraction golden west industries super solvent carpet glue solvent carburetor cleaning solvent good solvent inhaling solvent detection tests stablizer for solvent ink solvent vapor recovery systems rug cleaner solvent crest solvent cleaner reflux solvent based flexo ink gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant industrial solvent medical is methylated spirit a solvent buy prep solvent 70 solvent extraction processes two general classifications of solvent waste solvent 142 msds what is aprotic solvent mobile solvent distillation pine tar solvent solvent system conversion clean and green solvent otis bor solvent beeswax solvent drycleaning solvent causes cancer residual solvent limit vbh_2 solvent fluorine solvent enzyme precipitation by organic solvent mixed xylene solvent pdf functions of binders in solvent dyeing what is low solvent inks disposal of spent solvent solvent printing magazine homemade solvent solvent bonding pc where to buy zylene solvent electron solvent characteristic of good solvent carnauba solvent pill inject used solvent barrel solvent for oil extraction and refining extraction of organic solvent cpvc primer and solvent cement diesel parts cleaner solvent teflon solvent solvent distributors types of solvent system polymer solvent health effect chorinated solvent quick dry 66 dry cleaning solvent solvent properties isopropyl oil seed solvent extraction stoddard 235 solvent eco solvent ink solvent effect superoxide dismutase solvent saddle tees volatile organic solvent linx mixed base solvent 3501 solvent storage safety gen_x solvent solvent bonding with cyclohexanone stoddard solvent pd_680 solvent naphtha non_polar solvent solvent wood floor cleaner solvent compatibility with plastic dry solvent cleaners industrial solvent suppliers food safe solvent solvent bas 40 solvent pumps hp 1050 solvent conditioning module solvent for auto paint organic solvent list solvent static generation potential solvent evaporation rate solvent phosphoric acid solvent welded nitromethane solvent for plastics solvent entrapment paint hildebrand polymer solvent organic solvent exposure solvent exposure automotive solvent removal and ny 105 solvent medi_sol solvent limestone solvent battery corrosion solvent tutorial organic chemistry chaser solvent sterling solvent weld drain solvent heptane toluene lel acrtylic solvent art painting restoration mdi solvent class action lawsuit safety kleen solvent solvent acetone allpro solvent packaging tape tile solvent carnauba solvent pill inject used water solvent property investigation formulation emulsification solvent evaporation technique solvent for glucose moe solvent parts washer regulations 48 in solvent printer what is solubility solvent solution solute solvent hv 250 solvent taste and docetaxel acrylic solvent formula soy methyl ester benefit solvent solvent condensing plant and cryogenic water ideal solvent organic chemistry serico solvent screen ink k58312 dap wood filler solvent m e k solvent carnauba solvent pill safe npb solvent solvent extraction machines recovery solvent for peek mpa solvent solvent based cleaners for ceramic tile solvent resistant stickers decals labels 1 2 propylene glycol as a solvent urethane reducer solvent blend anti solvent polymerization adding solvent to gasoline msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent cellulose solvent systems solvent 32 solvent emission uk cantex welding solvent aliphat solvent fp 175f solvent for taking apart lnses wringler solvent saturated wipers bromination in acetic acid solvent solvent based ink for hp 11 cyclohexanone solvent pumps solvent weld uk what is low solvent inks solvent drainage solvent heptane toluene solvent for glucose solvent chemical niagara falls new york solvent solute oxylene 6 degreasing solvent injet media and solvent mmedia optimization of the solvent aided process industrial solvent cookers solvent for rifampicin solvent plan for military bases extraction of negro pepper solvent what is petroleum ether solvent solvent transfers liquid paper solvent s solvent cleaner california sealant solvent cancer causing solvent solvent selection chromatography solvent clean audio gear 1_4 butanediol solvent solvent mopping procedures electrical solvent 1 1 1_trichloroethane solvent hazardous waste hptlc solvent system plant constituents specific heat of solvent cements polycarbonate solvent sc_325 metal solvent can biotech 467 residual solvent usp prs1000 solvent chemical composition of mek_pak solvent encana oil sand solvent steam goldenwest super solvent hand exposure solvent pregnan solvent extraction theory diphenylquinoxaline no solvent lean solvent dry erase marker solvent print kote solvent 13_2 water is a universal solvent stakleen windshield solvent diluting with acetone solvent oops solvent gamlen 28 solvent solvent traps acetonitrile organic solvent food grade solvent suppliers gbl making solvent cemented joins solvent recovery systems in canada water is good solvent dmt solvent xylene guide hplc solvent glycerol solvent solvent based traffic paint what are aprotic solvent solvent extracts egyptian blue lotus butyl lithium solvent stability what is solvent front printers ink solvent universal solvent disatvantages pacer solvent perfume solvent aerosol solvent cleaner uk solvent lysine sulfate mild water_free solvent non water_based solvent hfe solvent solvent scrim banner vinyl colonial savings solvent 467 residual solvent biotech solvent management plan golden west solvent solvent attack of polymers solvent densities solvent cement for pvc to pp retain gas in a solvent merit 101 solvent clean and green dry cleaning solvent carnauba solvent why is hydrogen peroxide a solvent headaches from solvent solvent yellow 163 osha safety hazards cleaning solvent volatile organic solvent solvent suppliers michigan tdz solvent solvent blue 68 solvent printers flatbed trace organic solvent removal uv cutoff solvent solvent based polyamide lacquers dye fluorescence solvent shift hfc_152a solvent solvent selections using alcohol in lipids bong cleaning solvent hot glue solvent aromatic solvent p_2 supplier solvent for indium c22 solvent clean gun powder solvent nylon solvent bonding chemical formula for stoddard solvent solvent sublimation ink hyco mini solvent washer effects surfactants have on solvent volatility mda alkanolamine solvent science experiment solute solvent solvent line fire protection financially solvent school district solvent printers hp9000 solvent extended warranty cost marine adhesive solvent chemistry of non aqueous solvent solvent deffinition the universak solvent permanent marker and solvent solvent storage rotatable mount paint and solvent storage locker boiling point of solvent cyanoacrylate solvent styrene acrylonitrile polymer solvent extraction of salvinorin a with solvent solvent soluble packaging solvent for cleaning black doller bills in the water glycerol solvent solvent for neoprene water is a universal solvent because tile solvent solvent recyclers uk protic solvent solvent and solute combinations mno2 and solvent reduction fisher solvent pens 101 lime solvent sure_klean c_22 solvent the water solution process solvent colorless solvent linx mixed base solvent 3501 msds mkp solvent scrubber solvent that absorbs carbon monoxide solvent solute worksheet solvent density chart solvent extraction machines recovery basecoat for plastic solvent akzo silicon adhesive solvent viking safety solvent msds 3m solvent distillation range and solvent strength condenser and solvent and pumpless solvent weld pvc pipe solvent natural rubber solvent extraction acetylene removal polyethylene solvent solvent miscibility table 360 solvent paraffin solvent oral solvent to remove hair water universal solvent facts solvent fire hood solvent washer parts tumbler glycerine as emulsion solvent solvent based siloxane concrete sealer parylene solvent pvdc resin solvent solvent system e gaskets rubber solvent solvent wash bottle brockville surfactant for chlorinated solvent paraffinic solvent removing river rock solvent chemical tung oil citrus solvent solid liquid solvent extraction cellulose solvent ice dams solvent nylons dry cleaning solvent nmp solvent msds super_glue solvent uv solvent steel tanks for solvent storage solvent cement beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual recovery of solvent what are non aqueous solvent polycarbonate solvent cement solvent intrusion adhesive turpene solvent locktite solvent sb203580 solvent good solvent for recrystallization process fda solvent carry_over solvent based photoimageable resist rage cleaning solvent 1 2 dilution vinyl adhesive solvent purchase biodegradable terpene solvent solvent distillation recovery emission factors sericol solvent ink prices solvent column mining solvent line fire protection accelaetared solvent extraction trandermals dionex cleaning solvent foam shelf liner solvent adhesives resin electrodeposition of copper in mixed solvent solvent suppliers solvent naphtha in pesticides eva solvent natural solvent free nail polish weld_on 3 solvent cement mno2 solvent oxidation solvent filtration citrus solvent solvent resistent thin disposable gloves solvent extraction in sugar refinery solvent resistant hand cream theory of solvent extraction is ing direct solvent turbo solvent valve backlit solvent film beer organic solvent toluene solvent colorless perfume solvent ethyl oleate solvent solvent resistant sprayer dot lab solvent contamination financially solvent digital ink manufacturer printing solvent products of solvent extraction set up of solvent extraction vacuum oven solvent trap chlorinated solvent incineration texas solvent property universal solvent solvent wash bottle canada using solvent inks epson ci solvent yellow 163 percent aromatic solvent testing is social security solvent americhem solvent dupont presol solvent solubility solvent volume separation of polymers by solvent fractionation noryl solvent bond solvent labeling solvent resistant oil seals reverse phase hplc solvent strength adjustments define solvent gun cleaning copper solvent refridgerated solvent trap using blending solvent green solvent wizard solvent action polar solvent ball pen ink solvent parts washer solvent recipe dry cleaning solvent products dmso solvent pay pal uap inc parts cleaning solvent isoparaffinic solvent safety kleen preminum gold solvent dyes solvent based curing ink printing solvent inkjet media and solvent media paint solvent flammable msds oxalic acid solvent thf solvent polyester oconnor solvent colorprint solvent vinyl z solvent objective of solvent extraction solvent extraction and ion exchange solvent yellow wild seed primrose solvent extraction parts solvent price eagles path youth solvent abuse centre solvent printing solutions making solvent cemented low organic solvent preservative for timber pvc glue solvent green solvent wizard solvent to dissolve amoxicillin solvent resistant textile binder solute and solvent of steel gun cleaning solvent and no 9 solvent mopping procedures orange solvent to buy online chloromethane solvent sources mda solvent acrylic solvent low solvent inks gamma solvent cleaner solvent hv_250 korea solvent naphta schwer nd 30 glycerol solvent accelerated solvent extraction small solvent vapor degreasersfor rail wine solvent dmso sold as solvent uranium solvent extraction pentaerythritol structure solvent with water hplc solvent degasser why is water a bad solvent solvent free epoxy flooring explanation of solvent extraction engine cleaning solvent solvent extraction with benzene trading solvent ivivid gloss photo solvent solvent phoenix solvent protective aprons solvent coating knives 143 naptha solvent what is organic solvent acid solvent hazardous oil and solvent debris solvent borne epoxy ester z solvent harkrider solvent 3 solvent disposal laws tech chem degreaser solvent automotive degreasing solvent solvent swelling index dessicant solvent dryer applications of nonaqueous solvent system plastic pipe cutter fitting tubes solvent tlc solvent system development solvent polarity table solvent parts washer kerosene solvent is a stoddard solvent composition absolve solvent recycling solvent rags manufacturer ultra flex solvent terpentine solvent exempt pvc to abs solvent water as a solvent lesson bug juice solvent spray away solvent and degreaser solvent evaporation chart autodock 4 solvent parameters hp printer cartridge ink solvent getting rid of solvent fumes gun flush solvent acrtylic solvent restoration solvent resistance of pigment red 254 solvent microextraction chemical definition of solvent extraction simons solvent electronic cleaning solvent what is solvent solvent bottles medium aliphatic solvent naphtha solvent to remove wall tiles parts washer solvent solvent column mining resealing solvent based acrylics ge silcone polymer in solvent solvent extraction plant fires schwartz y2 solvent cement primer mobile solvent recycling solvent regeneration of spent activated carbon dry cleaning solvent products stodard solvent phillips 66 msds naptha solvent removing solvent resisting glues parafin solvent in western pa what are non aqueous solvent prs solvent manufacture what is the solvent in blood willbond solvent solvent customers two part solvent based epoxy paint hand exposure solvent pregnan pd_680 cleaning solvent getting rid of solvent smell solvent extraction and ion exchange water as a universal solvent ppt washer solvent bottle for pontiac sunfire coin cleaning solvent ips solvent cements srm solvent recovery copon 3000 cleaning solvent solvent drum slot exhaust pour off solvent recovery systems manufactured in canada petroleum solvent dry cleaners test solvent distiller alkalol mucus solvent thin layer chromatography solvent flammable storage solvent cabinets behkol solvent power steering fluid solvent power steering fluid solvent solvent resistance gloves glitsa solvent sealer cefic petroleum solvent streams chemistry solvent selection tool safe parts washer solvent polar protic solvent rust conversion with solvent based primer tintas mild solvent bayer plastic solvent stress test universal thinner solvent polyamide solvent relative viscosity oil solvent extraction process precipitating polyvinyl acetate emulsion solvent grout solvent for stainless steel solvent printers solutions paint solvent 55 gal price cefic petroleum solvent streams purfect solvent food safe solvent solvent extraction of ethanol solvent weld area drain 43560 acrtylic solvent art painting restoration used eco solvent printers solvent based what is eco solvent solvent inks biodegrable solvent degreaser chemicals and solvent distributer solvent recovery system solvent resistance nylon 12 corpane solvent reclamation unit sc solvent goldenwest super solvent auto body paint supply wash solvent definition of solubility solvent solution solute hazards solvent pipes stoddard solvent 8052_41_3 mno2 solvent reduction parts cleaning solvent limestone solvent boiling point of aromatic 100 solvent volatile solvent while air particle paerts washer solvent greenfield massachusetts dipyridyl extraction solvent organic solvent respirators solvent weld for neoprene solvent plumbing 1705 solvent msds nails solvent progena fragrance solvent liquid solvent extraction trading solvent australian ideal solvent nordson solvent spantex solvent 400 air agitated solvent bath solvent recovery division megtec historical use of dry cleaning solvent adding windshield solvent to lincoln solvent and solute liquid is called universal solvent wood glue solvent windshield washer solvent chemical make up pall solvent filter tlc solvent system for flavonoids reverse phase hplc solvent strength adjustments solvent free paint allback paint gamma butyrolactone solvent solute and solvent of steel mixed xylenes solvent pdf solvent hand pumps solvent extraction of ethanol paper for solvent printers mobile solvent recovery system solvent distillation unit sterling shower stall solvent weld drain schwartz y2 solvent cement primer nitro solvent where to find c22 solvent water solvent property investigation sasol 142 solvent wilbond solvent biodegrable solvent degreaser roland pc50 solvent solvent welding lexan polycarbonate solvent for cleaning wheel bearings typewriter rubber roller solvent solvent weld abs plastic what are solute solvent and solution solvent ink from japan omega rs3a solvent recycler parts tba solvent m_pyrol solvent distributors solvent applications super glue solvent hp solvent printer az epson solvent ink nazdar fire resistant storage solvent cabinets xylene based solvent residual solvent limit in paprika oleoresin air dry solvent based coating solubility solvent loss lab beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual solvent band solvent parts tumbler solvent yellow 174 stoddard solvent youth solvent abuse centre solvent solute uap inc parts cleaning solvent window tint removel solvent exxsol d40 solvent exxon weld_on 3 solvent cement water universal solvent good things solvent exposure localized headache solvent benches service first safety solvent chm0029 electronic solvent nmp solvent property sp 977 solvent rtv silcone solvent limits on solvent storage uk example of aqueous solvent epa solvent alternative guide solvent paints solvent isocyanate alcohol detergent surfactant tenside pearl cleaning solvent recycling solvent recovery isopropanol alcohol titebond solvent free msds tba solvent lops solvent solvent and solute of brass solvent solvent extraction of metals american lacquer solvent co chlorophyll chromatography solvent formula greener solvent history solvent delivery module what is a basic solvent naphtalin solvent naphta solvent s_316 solvent extraction pictorial procedure solvent emissions europe skimmer solvent salicylic acid solvent solvent based concrete sealer regripping solvent solvent toulene substitute solvent candle wax solvent solvent black md7 solvent based inks eco solvent ink durability vinyl solvent cement msds hfc_152a solvent solvent abuse regulations separation of polymers by solvent fractionation solvent extraction procedure solvent inclusion what is solubility solvent solution solute safety solvent 32 mini solvent washers burning solvent propanol ipa properties stronger solvent eep solvent eastman solvent miscibility table solvent for novobiocin solvent recovery unit kf solvent oce solvent ink solvent inkjet printer rust conversion with solvent based primer tripple d solvent acetone free haps solvent sidewinder solvent recovery system is denatured alcohol a solvent solvent wite_out solvent safety tank deuterated solvent reference guide nmr own colorspan solvent incarnated solvent abuse lyrics cleantech solvent filter 140 solvent solid liquid solvent extraction vinal solvent for welding the plasic solvent rag laundry seattle bonding solvent floor product mat vinyl solvent extraction of oil crc solvent solvent resistant epoxy what is polar solvent polarity of solvent in tlc solvent violet b fda solvent carry_over plastic pipe cutter fitting tubes solvent is methylated spirit a solvent bromination in acetic acid solvent ideal solvent solvent cabinet used eco solvent printers solvent immunity naphtha non_polar solvent attack solvent m250 shanghai solvent acetal solvent cleaning container petroleum solvent accelaerated solvent extractions aninal feeds flatbed solvent printer small format airless sprayers solvent compatable came solvent spray can adhesive solvent remover thorne research side effects solvent extraction of ethanol atosol solvent adhesive based polyurethane pu solvent zodiac inflatable glue solvent weld_on 3 solvent cement urethan caulk solvent solvent co2 glycine stoddard solvent buy white_out stain solvent solvent vapor degreasers for rail vinyl adhesive solvent the universal solvent meaning solvent alternatives hplc solvent uv spectrum colorless solvent 3 solvent grow precipitating solvent polymer gc nonpolar solvent oxygen service solvent test method mpd solvent solvent extraction acetylene removal solvent extraction pakistan a_151 solvent solvent recycler cleaning equipment aromatic solvent p_2 supplier what is solvent ink what does universal solvent mean m250 shanghai solvent acetal afff polar solvent canter conduit solvent cement msds methyl acrylamide nonpolar solvent quinone diazide kar products solvent 530 solvent for acrylic paint solvent dyes manufacturer india fda solvent regulations dimethylformamide solvent selection solvent abuse person pall solvent filter cpvc solvent gun cleaning solvent tank polyethylene solvent cyanoacrylate adhesive or liquid styrene solvent water immiscible volatile solvent consturction solvent unloading containment parts washer cleaning solvent gun flush solvent devilbiss solvent saver gun solvent delivery system solvent extraction process day night solvent hoppes no 9 solvent solvent screen ink solutions solute solvent saturation automotive cleaning solvent reed fragrance diffuser solvent composition solubility solvent volume solvent bio parts solvent lacquer thinner solvent recovery boiling temp solvent extraction acetylene removal solvent based acrylic paint solvent printing digital pricing solvent cabinet extraction of salvinorin a with solvent what are solvent based ingredients autodock 4 solvent parameters harkrider solvent 3 solvent based mold release formulation what is aprotic solvent thf solvent polyester solvent inkjet printers electronic cleaning solvent atsol 150 solvent fetal solvent gasoline syndrome rf values solvent front make citrus solvent tlc solvent system destil solvent solvent to remove wall tiles air agitated solvent bath solvent glue jar shell solvent chart fast residual solvent analyzer solvent of grease patent ian campbell solvent part washer solvent class action lawsuit safety kleen solvent gloss stability solvent based coatings petroleum solvent dry cleaning performance tests hood ventilation solvent dispensing mobile solvent recovery system cleaning compound solvent 677 solvent cleaner knead solvent removal solvent burning furnances urethane reducer solvent blend solvent x2 solvent ink printers vegetable oil solvent permanent marker solvent baltic room seattle solvent reclaimers sasol lpa solvent solvent wash bottle canada moe solvent parts washer regulations solvent emissions deadline solvent based pool paints solvent safe for phenolic pvc pipe break the solvent weld dry a solvent w epsom salt detachol solvent solvent dark brown 5r naphta spirits solvent windshield washer solvent solvent disposal regulations protein solvent accessibility the universal solvent water oconnor solvent ink solvent printer roland high resolution chlorinated solvent tintas mild solvent disadvantages of water universal solvent solvent extraction with benzene amica solvent supply co jax fl clean tech solvent filter solvent resistance of pigment red 254 waste c2cl4 solvent recycling alkaline solvent degreaser singapore what is a polar solvent roberts 1912 solvent cleaner classifications of solvent waste solvent resource management dangerous solvent solvent disposal regulations solvent based ingredients hot melt glue solvent resistance methanol formic acid solvent solvent and mortgage base dye ink to base solvent homemade solvent for concrete pool deck preparation of solvent violet 8 365 solvent msds solvent chart industrial solvent medical citrus solvent degreaser metal solvent can stoddard solvent definition flash point sc100 solvent felt tip water_based solvent sharpie golf club grip solvent solvent cleaner 5077 fh30 solvent furniture glue solvent solvent bonding pc stonebridge uk drug solvent nfpa rules for solvent extraction plants solvent dyes manufacturer india mutual solvent define polar solvent solvent bond pvc to polyurethane solvent for glucose and paper chromatography dot lab solvent contamination displacement and water as a solvent solvent based adhesive remover methyl radical common solvent pvdf solvent binder silicon adhesive solvent solvent and bleach advantages of the universal solvent mi bank solvent cyno acrylate solvent solvent plumbing united lab universal solvent poisonous solvent china solvent storage cabiinets epson solvent ink industrial solvent suppliers solvent for cyanoacrylic glue generator cleaning solvent suppliers recycling solvent rags cutting solvent i p m solvent art transfer bev bell solvent handling empty solvent can solvent dpm 980 polar protic solvent mek_pak solvent solvent information systems inc cleaning compound solvent da1500_900_55g phosphate mining solvent extraction non toxic non polar solvent c900 solvent drycleaning solvent recipe still clean solvent recycler application of nonaqueous solvent system 66 quick dry solvent escape solvent 30 glycerol solvent solvent resistant marker solvent vegetable oil fuel tlc solvent system development cyclone rapid solvent evaporator solvent and solute of air carbitol solvent voc great lakes solvent recovery impress drycleaning solvent solvent solubility in water pathology test solvent exposure hydrogenated terpene solvent mouthwash solvent why calculating molar solutions solute and solvent solvent 365 msds gamma butyrolactone gbl solvent solvent for 2 4_dnp removing window tinting solvent solvent for acrylic paint pvc pipe break a solvent weld solvent buddy gunwash petroleum ether and acetone solvent solvent recovery brayton solvent dispenser bottles diethyl ether strong polar solvent butyl solvent cleaners toulene substitute solvent market research solvent china organic solvent mek fetal solvent syndrome north coast solvent solvent damage msds solvent 102 143 degree naptha solvent perk dry cleaning solvent lady solvent solvent and group solvent silver what house hold chemicals are solvent uni ram solvent recycler urs500 solvent saturated wipes solvent acrylic sheet is pine sol a solvent chemical solvent ipa crud and solvent and extraction solvent for copper deposition solvent adhesive weldon solvent inks osha removing solvent resisting glues ci solvent yellow 163 solvent violet 36 solvent cement for cpvc material amber methodology baobab oil solvent extraction solvent distillation regulations solvent distributors 2 solvent purification by crystalization tapioca solvent disperse red esterifying solvent solvent coating knifes inkjet solvent ink printers steel tanks for solvent storage organic solvent list acoh solvent mros and solvent use solvent for pe wax super glue solvent solvent for removal of superglue waste solvent pickup service miami florida citrus based solvent polyester resin nanochemistry solvent solvent line fire protection solvent headache water ideal solvent organic chemistry nmr solvent organic compounds chcl3 hoppes solvent solvent cement for pvc to pp propylene carbonate solvent used solvent distillation equipment solvent recovery unit science experiment solute solvent solvent transfers southeastern chemical and solvent solvent remix solvent weld pvc pipe deinking solvent extraction technologies unex solvent washing sodium dicarbonate injet media and solvent mmedia flammable storage solvent cabinets mak solvent solvent filters solvent based siloxane concrete sealer petroleum solvent dry cleaners test enthalpy for cs for solvent extraction solvent recyclers cleaning equipment solvent is water solvent and group gorilla cleaner safety solvent releaseall rust solvent organic chemistry solvent extraction r41 solvent tarr ice dams solvent nylons percent aromatic solvent testing solvent bottle with brush solvent filtration for 2 4_dnp electrical solvent solvent for parts washer glycerine as emulsion solvent solvent ink art supplies solvent selection tool solvent concentration plastic solvent cement solvent black 46 solvent list by boiling point range epdm fpm solvent compatability solvent free cashew nut oil blast windshild solvent in madison illinois model decal solvent solvent developing resist solvent solubility in water aqueous gassed solvent ethyl oleate solvent pathology test solvent exposure diketone no solvent a solvent is always a toner solvent document forgery citrus fury solvent kitchen cabinet finish solvent polyethersulfone solvent synthesis solvent test for valve seat sealing solvent neutral base oils fda solvent regulations acetate solvent compatibility genesis no solvent polish nail electrical solvent ps99 duraplus solvent cement msds diffusion solvent polym re pdf pd_680 solvent msds firestone solvent over eps insulation crc solvent solvent base coating machine alkanolamine solvent cleaning solvent woodlake ca microelectronics solvent cleaning solvent recycler cleaning equipment butyl acetate pe wax solvent solvent chemical in niagara falls systemone solvent c9 solvent atosol solvent colorfill solvent electron solvent calculating crystallographic cell content solvent content what is solvent based cleaner solvent parts tumbler ammonia acetic acid developing solvent compare ucarsol hs solvent 115 amine resorcinol solvent kerosene solvent the most common solvent phosphate mining solvent extraction water solvent experiment otis bor solvent solvent base polyurethane foam solvent mib solvent what is mini solvent washer paco solvent rust r_41 solvent solvent naphtha supplier solute solvent and solution solvent container with brush packag compatibility solvent solvent for peek evoh solvent solubility dmm solvent solvent emission uk epa solvent waste h a p s free solvent label printer solvent jet replacement solvent for trifluroacetic acid h p solvent printers ester solvent vapor recovery solvent welding pvc membrane ms 944 solvent miller pacer solvent black magic solvent polyurethane solvent polyvinylidene chloride binder solvent goldex solvent and spot remover fast residual solvent analyzer solvent ink printers reng 1101 solvent degreaser solvent 1705 solvent s_316 property of dichloromethane as a solvent aromatic solvent commercial solvent extraction processs can splenda absorb solvent hexagol solvent fat splitting solvent p_d_680 solvent msds qt hoppes solvent solvent and leominster ma beckman 110b solvent delivery module manual 3m solvent rustoleum solvent based garage floor epoxy heated windshield washer solvent precipitaion of enzymes by organic solvent upholster cleaner solvent petroleum ether polar solvent acetone non_polar pressure pvc pipe solvent weld backward design solvent carlon solvent cement butyl solvent paint solvent extraction tank solvent printer craigslist organic solvent pregnancy brief exposure solvent gravure printers solvent emissions europe how to do solvent swell test elastomer solvent styrene solvent red 164 msds solvent filtration qsol 300 cleaning solvent extraction and mixed solvent recrystallization lab solvent ranking static charge formation solvent switching dry break volatile solvent particle count flatbed solvent printer electronic potting solvent upholstery dry cleaning solvent fetotoxicity naphtha solvent mecn solvent adhesive remover solvent used solvent plotter liquid solvent cement k m sheffield solvent pricing solvent loading terminals science experiment solute solvent solvent weld_on dupont degreaser solvent solvent ink epson ebr solvent slim tube apparatus for solvent miscibility solvent extraction diagram devoe t10 epoxy solvent hplc solvent degasser gun bore solvent alternate solvent and selection silicone rubber solvent solvent based solution organic solvent damage cell membane afff foam polar solvent mesh solvent banner fabric solvent welding lexan polycarbonate solvent transfer solvent with very high molecular weight solvent ich why is water a good solvent solvent blue 104 solvent for oils and fats mfblp285 backlit solvent solvent solvent concentration equilibrium solvent colours solvent paint slow evaporation petroleum naptha solvent solvent ink printers allpro acetone solvent printing ink solvent tlc solvent system development alkalol mucus solvent green solvent replacement for trifluroacetic acid hdehp solvent wash cesium degradation liquid solvent cement k m sheffield clostridium iii international workshop conference solvent thin layer chromatography too polar solvent formula a95 solvent essential oils absolutes solvent difference between solute and solvent cyclohexanol solvent reaction define financial solvent upholster cleaner solvent lipstick solvent chest cold solvent solvent viscosity 2 agar bees wax solvent high purity solvent recycling metal recovery and solvent extraction mouthwash solvent why water biology solvent properties support life solvent for chrcoal md7 solvent based inks ds_108f solvent canadian forces where to find c22 solvent solvent molecule calculation solvent developing resists polysulfone solvent resistance hair removal wax solvent injet media and solvent mmedia method of solvent extraction wax solvent mib solvent what is solute nad solvent solvent reclaimation dep drycleaning solvent cleanup program broward paint and solvent cans solvent condensing plant and cryogenic solvent tradenames and synonyms convert epson 2200 to solvent ink the most common solvent among liquid is sugar a solvent is isoparaffinic hydrocarbon solvent patrolium vitamin c solvent 1 gal can solvent dispenser loctite safety solvent cold solvent cleaner manufactureres gun cleaner solvent testing of solvent solvent resistance of pigment red 254 pressure pvc solvent weld failures dionex accelerated solvent extractor biological effects of solvent light aromatic solvent solvent red 175 perylene cooks solvent titebond 7272 solvent free drywall adhesive solvent drainage system solvent detergent inactivation gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant msds good solvent for dissolving pharmaceuticals paint solvent use by industry segment dionex accelerated solvent extractor solid dispersion mannitol solvent evaporation which solvent dissolves glue not garnet ultem solvent resistance solvent resistant plastics silly putty solvent fetal solvent syndrome plexiglass solvent paper solvent parylene solvent tlc solvent choice monomer solubility in solvent chlorinated solvent reclaiming chaser solvent natural solvent free nail polish solvent resistant labels solutions lineolum floor removal solvent solvent weld bacteria in fish system silicone sealant solvent solvent abuse discography solvent extraction method solvent miscibility drycleaning solvent solvent label printing home use parts washers solvent pvc solvent solvent resistant plastics solvent handling training solvent properties solvent natural rubber uni_ram solvent recycler trane solvent ddd heavy aliphatic solvent amoxicillin solvent tecsol solvent what is regripping solvent made of solvent damage to cars solvent tradenames cd two general classifications of solvent waste packag compatibility solvent pd 680 solvent degreaser high boiler solvent american lacquer solvent co moe solvent parts washer regulations gun cleaning solvent americhem solvent barns solvent farnham solvent hotel and spa sharpie solvent ink dry cleaning solvent suppliers echo and solvent delivery dea solvent cleanroom wipe solvent extraction justrite solvent can solvent ink jet printers dallas texas solvent baltic calculate molarity from solvent and solution why is universal solvent an advantage waste c2cl4 solvent recycling gc method for solvent analysis elastomer solvent styrene butadiene loctite cleeaning solvent msds is lavender essential oil a solvent solvent cf 20 what is a polar solvent plexiglass acrylic solvent cement pvc to abs solvent is oil a solvent soybean meal solvent extraction sidewinder solvent recovery solvent electrical conductivity table carnauba solvent oxy denatured alcohol nu_kote solvent typewriter carbon petroleum ether and acetone solvent solvent gorilla glue solvent line fire protection linoleum floor removal solvent solvent tape solute solvent thermodynamics epdm fpm solvent compatability chi and ideal solvent linoleum floor removal solvent solvent weld pvc to cpvc dupont prep solvent 70 caulk solvent solvent abuse discography industrial solvent remove thinset solvent volatile solvent solvent for linseed on wood hplc solvent strenght chart solvent in coke dupont vertrel solvent alcohol as solvent in pharmaceutical industry solubility solvent volume chemistry lab vinyl gasoline solvent parts cleaner solvent a_151 solvent degreaser solvent for 2 4_dnp saftykleen 105 solvent fat splitting solvent a solvent is always a specific heat of solvent cements dissolve collagin solvent ms 944 solvent srm solvent recovery caustic solvent dirty solvent reclaimer naphthenic solvent solvent naphtha supplier heat solvent resistant tape removing solvent resisting glues d3 solvent fabric electron solvent vitamin c solvent solvent recovery uk properties of water solvent solvent of gold solvent art transfer pvc to abs solvent homemade citris solvent universal solvent sought by alchemists electrosol solvent cleaner loctite safety solvent solvent damage asphalt thf solvent polyester acrylic aquarium solvent temperature correction and solvent extraction grow chemical solvent wet look solvent based concrete sealer solvent based inks solvent plastic cancer blackpowder cleaning solvent solvent of grease phosphate mining solvent extraction solvent odor filter systems loctite cleaning solvent pine tar solvent mno2 and solvent reduction msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent solvent weld adaptor glue or solvent ofr acrylic plastic solvent database mixing liquid silicone rubber with solvent solvent distillation homemade parts washing solvent inktec solvent dye tinte preparation of solvent violet 8 richelieu solvent montreal lacquer diethylene chloride solvent water solvent oxygen absolve solvent solvent reclaimer loctite 12121 solvent richelieu paint solvent montreal lacquer safey clean premium solvent fetal solvent syndrome purchase biodegradable terpene solvent vapor degreaser solvent cleaning solvent for clocks universal solvent advantages solvent sublimation ink t1100 rinse solvent msds phillips 66 stoddard solvent what does universal solvent mean regrip solvent dorman quick boot kit solvent a solvent spirit flammable solvent dispenser solvent uhu super glue solvent hippies lsd solvent m50 alpha lipoic acid solvent free loctite cleaning solvent 755 school district financially solvent air conditioning coil cleaning solvent z solvent free adhesive greener solvent stodart solvent solvent properties of n alkanes solvent based sealant tlc solvent system for alkaloids fabrics for solvent printers solvent damage to cars solvent extraction uranium solvent 64742_88_7 spray gun for brake solvent tpv pad printing solvent orient solvent yellow 163 copper oxidation by solvent chemical test arjuna bark different solvent good solvent solvent drain cans solvent safety in laboratory ovens repairing solvent pop definition of solvent stoddard solvent 8052_41_3 solvent supplier b k solvent pvc union elite wash solvent npb solvent emissions solvent neurotoxicity incidence california regulations on solvent cements ideal solvent burning solvent solvent property solvent switching manifold omega rs3a solvent recycler aliphatic petroleum solvent aromatic and solvent solvent package acrylic top coat carnauba solvent inject spray away solvent and degreaser solvent properties of acetone roland large solvent printer paint removing solvent for laundry water solvent covalent substances food safe solvent solvent solubility automotive solvent tank historical use of dry cleaning solvent solvent storage ireland chemclear solvent msds 150 safety solvent accelerated solvent extraction patches pet solvent solvent removable dettol solvent acrylic paint roland printer inkjet mild solvent ampicillin solvent solvent removable diethylene chloride solvent urethane reducer solvent blend chlorinated solvent transformation pathway solvent for fabulon exxsol d40 solvent exxon solvent in coje solvent mopping procedures solvent degreaser green clean solvent and drycleaning flammable solvent cabinets dupont vertrel mca solvent solvent polarity pigment absorption solvent based laundry soap cyclohexanone solvent pumps solvent red 175 perylene non solvent nail polish remover solvent selection chromatography turco solvent smt solvent solvent extraction acetylene removal what is a solvent for caulk solvent ink printing dowanol pm solvent gas solvent driveway residual solvent specification contract solvent printing solvent recovery system texas residual solvent limit in paprika oleoresin what is the solvent of sulphate solvent extraction partial oxidation pyrolysis gojo barrier lotion solvent resistant rtv silcone solvent gun solvent reviews solvent naphta a 150 formula for mixing a solvent gradient solvent free adhesives guidelines system one solvent tank recall stoddard solvent composition solvent hydrocarbon fluid aromatic solvent selection chemical engineering magazine chemical solvent property tables incomplete removal of volatile solvent otis bor solvent chlorinated solvent prices solvent recyclers cleaning equipment flux_off cz cleaning solvent nfpa rules for solvent extraction plants solvent selection in testing for lipids solvent weld acrylic plastic felt tip water_based solvent sharpie locktite solvent roof cement solvent de_carb solvent free microbial degreaser cleaner nw solvent waste solvent collector windshield cleaning solvent thermal grease solvent stanley hand helpers solvent glove 2523 solvent intrusion adhesive dea solvent msds who makes oxol solvent part solvent solvent conductivity meter seperating pvc glue solvent hoppies gun solvent cil nmr solvent data chart solvent extraction chloroform improve solvent for novobiocin legal definition of solvent solvent molecules see other solvent molecules new solvent permits lake county ohio solvent tradenames and synonyms citrus solvent degreaser tar double imine formation no solvent carbanion stability solvent solvent naphtha schwer nd chemical and solvent suppliers uk safety clean solvent locktite safety solvent solvent cement for cpvc material solvent dyes manufacturer india dry erase marker solvent solvent ink dmso as a solvent roland printer inkjet mild solvent heavy aliphatic solvent backlit solvent film solvent phoenix encana oil sand solvent steam paraffinic solvent uv solvent alkalol mucous solvent polar protic solvent moe solvent parts washer regulations online dictionary solvent composition stoddard solvent the mechanism of co solvent solubilization what is solvent based ink solvent for super glue what solvent will bond acrylic sheet thickened chlorinated solvent compositions and method epa solvent alternative guide wash oil solvent ethyl acetate h2o solvent safety clean premium solvent solvent screening is hydrogen peroxide a solvent residual solvent guideline solvent dispensor high flashpoint solvent increte removing solvent based coatings air is solvent sulfuric acid and paint solvent typewriter rubber roller solvent solvent inlet filter p n 6101 solvent selction tools oce 64 solvent printer extraction of salvinorin a with solvent bore solvent safety solvent 32 stainless steel solvent sinks cleaning solvent engine oil ci solvent yellow 163 msds solvent resistant hand cream good solvent for crystallization process dupont 3919 s prep sol solvent eluent optimisation solvent triangle medullablastoma and solvent exposure water free cleaning solvent solvent viscosity and kb dte solvent solvent solute definitions desolvit solvent used oil re_refining solvent extraction citgo voc exempt solvent cosmetic solvent does solvent move dyes good solvent for dissolving pharmaceuticals gamlen 28 solvent solvent intrusion adhesive functions of binders in solvent dyeing characteristics of non polar solvent what is solvent ink d_limonene nonpolar solvent windshield washer solvent msds sheet surfactant for flourinated solvent solvent parts tumbler part solvent tlc solvent choice solvent based flexo ink solvent dispenser fiberglass adhesive solvent and acetone solution solute solvent solvent used to clean guns sennoside tlc development solvent solvent for rubber cement solvent inks for hp 9000 teflon solvent testing valves leakage with solvent carlon solvent cement msds diluting polyurethane with acetone solvent ak 225t solvent isopar l dry cleaning solvent organic solvent damage cell membrane explanation solvent blue 43 what is solubility solvent solution solute silicone sealant solvent examples of organic solvent solvent resistant tape solvent extraction method in plastic sharpie solvent ink mineral spirits as parts washer solvent harkrider solvent 3 pm solvent solvent gravure printers chromatogram solvent effects solvent group california df2000 drycleaning solvent solvent ink from japan nylon and solvent and patch lead sulphate solvent solvent triangle uap inc parts cleaning solvent home made gun powder solvent solvent inhalation floor glue solvent solvent filtration for 2 4_dnp solvent inkjet printer organic solvent beet retain gas in a solvent pacer solvent paint solvent use by industry segment solvent used in herbal extracts grip solvent uk percent aromatic solvent testing solvent mk244 preferred solvent for grignard reactions solvent cleaning parts washer info d80 solvent msds gorilla glue solvent remover solvent free masking 3m adhesive remover solvent rain_x washer solvent solvent super glue solvent applications homemade parts washing solvent vegetable oil solvent solvent ink pad solvent to replace aceton acrylic solvent formula solvent auto ignition green clean dry cleaning solvent company specific gravity for solvent items colorless perfume solvent water as auniversal solvent butane solvent hash boiling point of aromatic 100 solvent barton solvent solvent resistant epoxy printer has been converted to solvent mmb solvent msds mobile solvent distillation solvent cabinet au solvent inlet filter p n 6101 hp 1050 solvent conditioning module storage of solvent rags solvent for semicarbazone monocyclic terpene paraffinic naphthenic solvent solvent distillation recovery emission factors one shot industrial drain solvent solvent for glucose and paper chromatography envo cleaning solvent solvent extracted neem oil solvent music album carpet cleaning solvent dap wood filler solvent trichlorethylene and solvent spent parts washer solvent automotive parts cleaning solvent ether as solvent ebr solvent flammable solvent storage shed carburetor cleaning solvent ingredient dionex accelerated solvent extractor properties of selexol solvent solvent shifts in spectroscopy loctite 12121 solvent absolve solvent what is a dry cleaning solvent dmf solvent evaporation washer solvent tank solvent swelling index waste solvent collector ethyl acetate h2o solvent application of nonaqueous solvent systems alkyl siloxane in hydrocarbon solvent solvent coating knives solvent type iii 59601 carpet glue solvent greener solvent history solvent resistance of pigment red 254 solvent bonding hdpe solvent brush scrubbing machine 1 gallon solvent cans solvent of super glue solvent 3m adhesive remover silicone solvent disadvantages of water as a solvent solvent abuse canada 30 glycerol solvent parts washer solvent nafion solvent dry erase marker solvent solvent wish lyric different types of solvent castor oil solvent extracation plant submersible solvent pumps 140 solvent msds solvent barrier cream solvent system e toner solvent document forgery solvent odor filter systems orange solvent to buy online solvent packaging tape solvent spill kits ink solvent school escondido mineral spirits solvent tank solvent free cashew nut oil solvent to unclog hp printer cartridges solvent based automotive masking tape natural solvent department transportation testing lab solvent all natural solvent nylon solvent advantages of the universal solvent contractors solvent solvent cost savings analysis solvent condensing plant and cryogenic stoddard solvent texas gasoline solvent butane solvent hash solvent paint absorbent sennoside tlc development solvent solvent dispenser hunter tools 64022 solvent dissolve insoluble protein submersible solvent pumps solvent resistant amoxicillin solvent solvent hairspray solvent blenders solution as hydrogen ion solvent liquid solvent for cellophane tape valspar solvent holster instapaker solvent wood spirit antifreeze solvent solvent welding and neoprene automatic solvent solution preparation solvent solvent solvation buying biodiesel solvent extraction of organic solvent degrease solvent microelectronics solvent cleaning solvent 142 amera tech solvent recycler aprotic solvent flammable solvent storage shed protein solvent accessibility solvent arcol 1366 wild seed primrose solvent extraction mc2 resin fluidized bed adsorption solvent buy stoddard solvent 150 safety solvent parylene solvent solvent based adhesive buy industrial solvent chemicals and solvent distributors hark rider quick dry solvent 3 diphenylquinoxaline no solvent california regulations on solvent cements solvent inkjet printer production solvent dispensers chlorophyll chromatography solvent formula wood stripping solvent copper solvent pro_shot methods of drying solvent info on solvent solutions hydrogenation solvent colorless perfume solvent solvoil pro cleaning solvent alcohol as a solvent free oral hair solvent remedy water is a universal solvent because hydrocarbon solvent solvent for rubber cement high boiler solvent destil solvent atosol solvent container solvent spray in_line solvent flowmeter water solvent property investigation solvent solution solvent ratio properties disadvantages for water as universal solvent solvent for hydrazine safety solvent safety kleen dipyridyl extraction solvent solvent clean bubble gum solvent solvent attack on abs solvent extraction processes solvent evaporation rates windshield washer solvent solvent free to dilute isocyanate solvent my radio mp3 washer solvent concentrate suppliers nafion solvent in water glycerol solvent dry a solvent w epsom salt run btex for stoddard solvent solvent selection tools shotgun bore solvent dry cleaning solvent natural attenuation byproducts solvent extraction plant fires mutoh solvent ink printers solvent transfer artists solvent to dissolve glue gorilla glue solvent solvent extraction from rice bran acetone nonpolar solvent definition three rivers unlimited black powder solvent . 	0
19340163201374	Some ads offer legitimate forms of work that really do exist but exaggerate the salary the effort that will have to be put into the job or the amount of work that will be available . Many such ads do not even specify the type of work that will be performed . Some similar schemes do not advertise work that would be performed at home but may instead offer occasional sporadic work away from home for large payments paired with a lot of free time . Some common offers fitting this description are . seeking to perform in movies and television commercials_Acting extras Getting paid to shop and dine . While mystery shopping actually does exist it requires hard work is paid close to minimum wage and most importantly does not require an up_front fee to join . Mystery Shopping . The typical victim of a work_at_home scheme may be . A employee of a legitimate job seeking an exit to his her stressful lifestyle burned out . An person seeking high_paying easy work unemployed . An uneducated person with few or no skills looking for a job with a good salary . An employed person wanting to make extra money to supplement his her regular income . disabled persons stay_at_home parents and others who cannot easily leave home in order to make a living . Senior citizens . Those with busy schedules full of unpaid activities who wish to earn money in their spare time . 	Between Moms Work At Home Parents Online Kids And Biz Mom Fundraiser Options Find Party Plan Reps Home Party Plan Network cool yahoo widget downloads corporate antivirus software pricing download leisure suit larry warez download wilson phillips hotel california free whenever wherever shakira download tree planting programs connecticut free download reboot for dell download missing sfdvoeua dll files tv programs 9 3 2007 army lodging sucess program motorola v220 intallsion program download gtmp3_400 downloads nexxtex driver downloads narita hentai movie download architue apprenticship programs in washington dc papa roach forever free mp3 downloads shakti kapoor cam download create your own program pete bemko price jpmc action software picture frame designer software hbr oct 2007 download download free video of sylvia saint cracking gateway propritary software sim skin downloads decripting software cracks and serials downloads abdominal strep virus speak first program box plot software download mp3 doctor free motorola v220 intallsion program download weight watchers programs falcor thge urinator song download pilladio download cultural programs about slavery dynatek curvemaker software for mac training in program evaluation for education wv student page program halle berry sex downloads social software on swik net capcopm vs snk 2 characters download free xbox 360 games downloads trial zinio freshmen gay download free olympic email virus am_56ki_nd driver download software build procedures sims houses downloads free software roxio cd 5 girls rubbing boobs download video stream recording software solaris 9 iso download download paintshop pro full version free download installer foxpro ayat kursii omantel antivirus email dod antivirus free song download eminem verizon telephone programs for downloading data 2bmining downloads glepro geothermal software britney songs mp3 download fresh software my space backrounds downloads free download drace is execution video furni scripter download for habbo hotel Buy Bentley Staad Foundation 4_0 Download Now . 	0
19350017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . How much hair are you prepared to have in your home . 	0
19360017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Should you be faced with the situation where you are required to administer first aid then your training and the information provided in this book will enable you to cope effectively_ presents a list of 29 common first aid ailments which have been taken from Health at Home  Your Complete Guide to Symptoms Solutions Self_Care a book published by the . 	0
19370010803142	This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . 	We have seen him at the Campus LGBT Conference in Albany NY and were absolutely captivated he commands the attention necessary for attention to our prejudices and proactive discourse and action_Thursday October 16 8 00pm Marlo Room Farinon Center . 	0
19380010800257	This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . 	Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
19390174202922	That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	The only real disappointment was the scrambled eggs with lobster mascarpone and grilled salmon a fascinating idea on paper that did not translate to the plate as well as one would have imagined . Too many conflicting flavors competing for attention . After your main course a dessert display featuring lots of delicate chocolate pastry and fruit items is brought to the table . The pieces at my serving were worthy of a display in the museum of food art and were a perfect and relatively light cap to some of the heavier brunch items I worked my way through . 	0
19400174201455	That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	Fill your days and nights with excursions themed events fine dining and more . Indulge in as much or as little as you please . The choice is yours . NEW YEARS DAY AT THE MEDICI CAF TERRACE . January 1 2009 8 a_m_ to 3 p_m . Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . 	0
19410140703073	The Arizona Game and Fish Department works to recover threatened and endangered species to help urban residents appreciate and coexist with our unique wildlife to educate children about the environment and to create new opportunities for outdoor recreation . Research is a key element in the Arizona Game and Fish Department is conservation and management efforts . It is the result of research that helps determine the methods to best conserve our wildlife and habitat . Few places offer the diversity of landscapes plants and animals as found in Arizona . 	AB 03_05 . A plan for the Sahtu . A Dene woman prepares wild duck on the bank on the Mackenzie River . Northwest Territories Canada © Leslie Leong . The Mackenzie River is a critical homeland for indigenous peoples and for wildlife . The valley contains one of the world is last great free_running river systems . It is the longest river in Canada and the Delta the largest in Canada with the second largest wetland area in the country . Oil and gas . WWF seeks a balance . Areas of high conservation value in relation to oil and gas activities in the Northwest Territories Canada © WWF_CanadaClick map to enlarge . 	0
19420041002863	The region that is now Afghanistan was for some of its history part of various Persian dynasties such as the 559 330 BCE . Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire . In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . Original homelands of the have been proposed as Anatolia Kurdistan Central Asia Iran or Northern India with the directions of the historical migration varying accordingly . Later during the rule of and after it was called Er nshahr meaning Dominion of the Aryans . 	The quarrels among Timur is descendants threw Afghanistan into turmoil and provided the pretext for the intervention of outside forces in the country for the first time since its unification under Abroad Shah in 1747 . The efforts of the Sadozai heirs of Timor to impose a true monarchy on the truculent Pashtun tribes and to rule absolutely and without the advice of the other larger Pashtun tribes leaders were ultimately unsuccessful . The accession of Zeman was the beginning of along quarrel that ended with the deposition of the Sadozai by the Muhammadzai who were of the largest and most powerful lineage of the Barakzai . 	0
19430140703073	Research is a key element in the Arizona Game and Fish Department is conservation and management efforts . It is the result of research that helps determine the methods to best conserve our wildlife and habitat . Few places offer the diversity of landscapes plants and animals as found in Arizona . In order to maintain this diversity and natural heritage the importance of conservation and management programs strategy and policy cannot be overstated . Wildlife and Conservation are both integral parts of Arizona is natural heritage . edit Watchable Wildlife . Arizona is home to more than 900 animal species and 50 million public acres of natural land . The Program that strives to manage wildlife while providing for the responsible recreational use of the resource . 	This discharge of freshwater and energy in the ocean plays a significant role in regulating the circulation of the world is oceans and climate systems . The Mackenzie River Valley is rich in wildlife . A pristine sub_arctic region the Mackenzie Valley is home to huge populations of caribou as well as black bears grizzly bears moose and wolves . It is also a major North American migratory corridor for waterfowl breeding along the arctic coast . The Mackenzie Valley holds 1_5 billion barrels of proven oil reserves and 9 trillion cubic feet tcf of proven gas reserves . The Mackenzie Delta and Canadian Beaufort Seas are thought to hold significantly greater reserves with an estimated 5_8 billion barrels of oil and 65 tcf of gas . Plans to build a 1 000 km long pipeline through the Mackenzie Valley are proceeding apace despite the lack of protected areas in the ecotypes that the pipeline will impact . 	0
19440010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . Perhaps the most promising benefit of cultural diversity in the U_S_ workplace is the opportunity it provides for cross_cultural synergy . Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . 	Multiculturalists also agree that multicultural education has implications for decisionmaking that will affect operations at all levels of education including instruction administration governance counseling program planning performance appraisal and school climate . Thus everyone involved must play an active role in implementing multicultural education . Promoting diversity means acknowledging diversity incorporating diversity into all levels and demonstrating pride in cultural pluralism along with a sincere belief that diversity is desirable . The actions taken in schools to adopt multicultural education should reflect the race language ethnicity habits and customs of ethnic groups throughout the global community . 	0
19450083102546	Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . Mattinata Styx munera pulveris Horace . The crater on the is named in his honour . 	No one person gets unique credit for the invention of the decimal system but Brahmagupta is textbook was most influential and is sometimes considered the first textbook to treat zero as a number in its own right . 	0
19460152500165	In some dialects there may be more or fewer phonemes than those listed in the chart above . For example non_Arabic is used in the Maghrebi dialects as well in the written language mostly for foreign names . 	The text gives quantitative details of production and a full list of ingredients it is effectively a life_cycle analysis of the product written in a compact summarized form . The optional graphic above the text is the product is eco_friendliness at a glance summarizing the categories whose data is written out below in a nutrition_label_like format . 	0
19470017300189	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . 	There is a long period of ungainly and rebellious adolescence finally followed by mellow adulthood . They are really a bit of both they are informal statistical descriptions i_e stereotypes and to the extent that they reflect reality they are also facts . Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . 	0
19480017302438	But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . 	The spiders that are identified can be as lethal as some types of snakes but many of the insects are not . These insects are included because they are medically important in terms of pain and the possibility of an allergic reaction . Many people can show an allergy that will progress to anaphylactic shock . Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . 	0
19490028302970	When in this mode the processor executes 16_bit instructions . Most of these 16_bit_wide Thumb instructions are directly mapped to normal ARM instructions . The space_saving comes from making some of the instruction operands implicit and limiting the number of possibilities compared to the full ARM mode instruction_Thumb . 	The data to be processed may represent many types of information including numbers text pictures or sound_computer data program . Computers can be extremely versatile . In fact they are information processing machines . According to the a computer with a certain minimum threshold capability is in principle capable of performing the tasks of other computer from those of a to a . 	0
19500010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	The relative physical isolation of ethnic groups in the United States means that individuals in these groups are much more likely to engage in qualitative interactions with people who are like themselves than with people from different ethnic groups . Interactions with people who are different are transitory and perfunctory . 	0
19510174202922	That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . 	Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . You can start at the drink bar or have the servers bring your choice of a breakfast cocktail . 	0
19520017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . 	When you get your new dog you might already have pets that you will need to introduce the new dog to . Exactly what you will need to do depends on the kinds and temperaments of the animals involved . 	0
19530010803142	Demographic shifts based on population changes and immigration have led to the reassessment of native_born non_Hispanic whites . This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . 	Form your own group of six and come participate in a soccer tournament hosted by Lafayette African and Caribbean Students Association and co_sponsored with ACACIA WRJH and ABC . There will be 10 gift certificate to each player on winning team . 	0
19540181601326	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . 	If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid on time then a late_payment penalty of 10_00 will be added to the City Lic_nse Fee . If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid in the current year then according to it will remain due and be collectible_What will happen if I do not pay my City Lic_nse Fee in the current year . 	0
19550017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Find some good books and read up . Enroll in puppy and dog classes where you can learn much from the instructor attend them even before you get a dog or puppy for first hand knowledge of what you can expect . Many dogs are in animal shelters with a note that says could not be housebroken or could not be trained . You are responsible for becoming more knowledgeable about dogs . Never get one as a surprise gift . All members of your family must agree on having a dog . 	0
19560010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Emphasizing these areas is part of multicultural education is goal of contributing to the personal development of students which contends that a better sense of self contributes to the overall intellectual academic and social achievement of students . Students who feel good about themselves are likely to be more open and receptive to interaction with others and to respect their cultures and identities . 	0
19570017302438	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Such emergencies can occur anywhere on the battlefield in your home in a restaurant or on the highway . In such an emergency a person is life may depend upon your knowledge of what to do and upon your ability to do the procedure properly and quickly . 	0
19580017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	You should try to spend some time with each dog you consider adopting as recommended and described for shelter dogs . Talk to the people who are fostering the prospective dog for a better idea of the particular dog is temperament . 	0
19590085601388	The mixture was then formed and pressed into wood forms producing rows of dried earth bricks that would then be laid across a support structure of wood and plastered into place with more adobe . 	The immediate sensation one has as one enters the house is that of majestic proportions . Looking deceivingly small on paper a mere 1700 square feet and the space feels twice as big in reality „Frozen music‰ would be Fathy is famous phrase to describe the vaults wonderful proportions disciplined by mud_brick units held together like notes in a chord . 	0
19600133302696	It emerged as a 42_passenger airliner with a of unusually wide cross_section for its day with two decks and a triple fin similar to that later used by on its . The triple fin and double deck were abandoned on subsequent models and the more common single fin was utilised . 	The Hercules flew only once for a mile 1_6 km with Hughes at the controls on November 2 1947 . The aircraft was nicknamed the Spruce Goose by critics . The aircraft was actually made of rather than . World War II U_Boats birch spruce . The Hercules has the biggest of any aircraft ever built at 319 ft 11 in 97_54 m the next largest wingspan is about 30 ft 9 m shorter but it is neither the longest nor the heaviest both of those titles are held by the . It is the largest flying boat and the largest aircraft made from wood_ wingspan Antonov An_225 18 . 	0
19610097702990	5 00 p_m_ that day . It had a maximum width of 1 2 mile 0_8 km and was on the ground for 14 miles 22 km . 	They can happen in all sorts of tornado sizes from huge tornadoes to narrow tornadoes . Subvortices are the cause of most of the narrow short extreme swaths of damage that sometimes arc through tornado tracks . 	0
19620097700499	5 00 p_m_ that day . It had a maximum width of 1 2 mile 0_8 km and was on the ground for 14 miles 22 km . 	During days with potential for severe weather forecasts should be monitored frequently for updated information . When severe weather develops persons in the threatened area should monitor a reliable source of up to date information until the threat subsides . 	0
19630010800257	Diversity can also refer to historical groupings these might include political party or work committees peculiar to the organization . For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	A type of education that is concerned with various groups in American society that are victims of discrimination and assaults because of their unique cultural characteristics ethnic racial linguistic gender etc . it includes studying such key concepts as prejudice identity conflicts and alienation and modifying school practices and policies to reflect an appreciation for ethnic diversity in the United States Banks 1977 . 	0
19640010803142	Diversity can also refer to historical groupings these might include political party or work committees peculiar to the organization . For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	Since 1990 he has served on the summer faculty of the Harvard Institutes for Higher Education . In 1995 he joined the faculty of the Summer Institute for Intercultural Communication . He has also been an adjunct faculty member of the Federal Executive Institute since 1999 . His recent books include and published by Teachers College Press_The Quad Sept_20th 1_5pm . 	0
19650010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	A humanistic concept based on the strength of diversity human rights social justice and alternative lifestyles for all people it is necessary for a quality education and includes all efforts to make the full range of cultures available to students it views a culturally pluralistic society as a positive force and welcomes differences as vehicles for better understanding the global society ASCD Multicultural Education Commission in Grant 1977b p . 	0
19660017302438	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	A home first aid kit needs many of the same items . Dog Owner is Guide article . Owners who observe and handle their healthy dogs have a head start on recognizing early signs of illness in their pets . Those who know what a healthy pet acts feels and smells like can spot differences in behavior and bodies and determine whether a trip to the veterinarian is necessary . Dog Owner is Guide article . Big list of Dog Owner is Guide articles . 	0
19670085601388	Ideally it should be thick enough to remain cool on the inside during the heat of the day but thin enough to transfer heat through the wall during the evening . The exterior of such a wall can be covered with glass to increase heat collection . 	Of greater weight in her creative personality is her social activism which unfolded during the 13 years that she worked and collaborated with the Menil Foundation . She helped imbue such projects as the Menil is Afro_American art collection and the Rothko Chapel in Houston with a sense of transcultural ecumenism . 	0
19680017302438	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	Such emergencies can occur anywhere on the battlefield in your home in a restaurant or on the highway . In such an emergency a person is life may depend upon your knowledge of what to do and upon your ability to do the procedure properly and quickly . 	0
19690097700181	Destruction in Sauk Rapids after the tornado . At 4 00 p_m_ a tornado of approximately intensity cut through the heart of Sauk Rapids . It was one of at least four tornadoes that affected the region between 3 00 p_m . 5 00 p_m_ that day . It had a maximum width of 1 2 mile 0_8 km and was on the ground for 14 miles 22 km . 	Seventeen died hundreds were injured by the tornado which inflicted around 10 million in damages . Pine Lake Alberta 14 July 2000 . The tornado that struck Pine Lake Alberta was Canada is first killer tornado since 1994 and first addition to the Canadian top ten list since the Edmonton tornado of 1987 . Pine Lake is located about 25 km 15 miles southeast of Red Deer and 150 km 95 miles northeast of Calgary in a popular recreational area particularly on this midsummer weekend . 	0
19700078901548	The last shot fired in anger by United States military forces in Southeast Asia was fired by an A_7D of the deployed 345th TFW 353 TFS assigned to Korat RTAFB on . 22 February 1973 15 August 1973 15 August 1973 . 	Built in an amazing 16 months at Newport News Virginia Yorktown was commissioned on April 15 1943 . Yorktown participated significantly in the Pacific Offensive that began in late 1943 and ended with the defeat of Japan in 1945 . Yorktown received the Presidential Unit Citation and earned 11 battle stars for service in World War II . 	0
19710181600822	The sticker is usually placed on one corner of the plate while the month of the year in which the plate would expire is printed in an opposing corner . Some jurisdictions combine the year and month on one sticker . 	Provides an income tax deduction for unreimbursed expenses that are paid by an organ and tissue donor and that have not been taken as a medical deduction on the taxpayer is federal income tax return effective for taxable years beginning on or after January 1 2007 . The amount of the deduction is the lesser of 5 000 or the actual amount paid by the taxpayer . 	0
19720041000658	Large parts of the country are dry and fresh water supplies are limited . The is one of the driest regions in the world . 	The Afghans captured two guns . The artillery is withdrawal led to the retreat of the Grenadiers and the Jacob is Rifles which fell back on the left_hand companies of the 66th . 	0
19730017300189	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . 	Good breeders often have a waiting list of potential puppy buyers and often will not breed until they know they can place all the resulting puppies . If you find a breeder you like do not be surprised if you are placed on a waiting list for a puppy . The wait will be worth it . Approach getting a puppy as if you were adopting a child . Expect a lot of questions and ASK a lot of questions . A responsible breeder is also looking for a responsible owner . Selecting the puppy . A better way to select a pup from a litter is to do a little temperament testing and pick the dog with the temperament that best meets you and your family is needs . 	0
19740017302438	Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . 	They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . The following items were included in a first aid kit that the Cincinnati Veterinary Medical Association gave to police dog handlers at a recent workshop . A home first aid kit needs many of the same items . Dog Owner is Guide article . Owners who observe and handle their healthy dogs have a head start on recognizing early signs of illness in their pets . 	0
19750181600822	Most validation stickers are either serialized with the serial number recorded on the registration or are printed by a special at the time of registration or renewal with the vehicle is license plate number on them to discourage fraudulent sticker use as the sticker will be valid only for the plate for which it was intended . 	As a condition of the property qualifying for real estate tax relief the bill establishes additional net worth thresholds that cannot be exceeded . The additional net worth thresholds would not allow any exclusion for the dwelling in question . SB265 CH . 357_Real estate tax relief for the elderly and permanently and totally disabled . 	0
19760041000658	Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	Ayub Khan not only had more guns than the British his six breech_loading Armstrong guns also fired heavier shells . The Afghan artillery was firing so effectively that it was falsely rumored to be manned by Russian gunners . It took almost another half hour before the Afghan irregular infantry and cavalry deployed in combat formation about 800 yards from the British position . It was now a little past noon_17 . 	0
19770017302438	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . But my pet is a purebred_Myth . 	The combat lifesaver is a non_medical soldier who provides lifesaving measures as a secondary mission as his primary combat mission allows . The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . 	0
19780010800257	Women however are not a cultural group but rather represent one_half of every culture . While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	As with the general population these trends are expected to continue well into the next century . The diversity of the student population is further increased by the high rate of AfricanAmerican and Hispanic youths living in poverty 45_1 and 39_3 in 1987 and the growing number of immigrant students from Latin American and Asian countries whose first languages are not English and whose home cultures are not based on a Eurocentric or Western model . 	0
19790110402145	In 1627 two of his ships wrecked on the island in a storm . He probably intended to go there to buy secretely and trade privately . 	We do not feel that is being delivered . I feelitnecessary to address you prior to making the decision to go to referendum tonight and bring some of the concerns of these varied groups to you . span . Although the community is told through meetings presentations and news articles that there is no tax increase this referendum DOES reflect a tax increase . 	0
19800017302438	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	While the material presented conforms to commonly accepted standards it is not intended to substitute for formalized classroom instruction in first aid as offered by many community groups and organizations . Nor should this tutorial be relied upon for use at the time of an emergency . The time to learn first aid is BEFORE you need to use it . NOTE . As a registered EMT Ex_Army medic I can attest to the helpfulness of this guide but stress that it is only a BASIC PRIMER for the uninitiated . 	0
19810017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	If not when are you planning one? If a litter is not presently available ask if when they are next planning to show their dogs in your area . If you can go this is a golden opportunity to observe the structure and temperament of the dogs they breed . A responsible breeder should have some history of breeding animals . They may be breeding for show or field work or just plain good pets . 	0
19820017302438	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Throughout history infectious organisms have plagued society . Biblical accounts of plagues attest to this fact . In London in the 1600s the Black Plague killed thousands of people . In a combat situation the impact of disease on the combat soldier cannot be overstated . In every war in which the American soldier has fought there have been more casualties caused by disease than by combat wounds . 	0
19830091102864	The crossing which is open solely for non_commercial traffic is open every day from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon . 2 2 . The port was established by in 1872 and has been staffed since 1928 . 	In 1714 the French again attempted to plant settlements in Texas under the direction of Crozat of Louisiana . Soon afterwards 1715 were planted at various points in the present domain of Texas the name of New Ph_lippines was given to the country and a governor_general was appointed . 	0
19840097700499	The Sauk Rapids courthouse in ruins Date of tornado Central Minnesota United States . The was a that tore through the cities of and on . 	Otherwise it is best to have a sturdy building already in mind for quick access . Those who are outdoors in stores at church at a movie in vehicles or in any other situation outside of the home or workplace are under particular risk during a tornado . In these situations awareness access to timely warning information and shelter options become even more critical . 	0
19850011900139	If they are extremely outgoing and social on the physical plane they will be a hermit on the unconscious plane . As the unconscious is integrated along with the two polarities it allows an initiate to fully embrace the middle path which means that they can move beyond limitation . In the above example the initiate would become social at times and then a hermit at others and instead of being either extremely heavy or thin their embodiment will come to the middle path in weight . In addition to the polarities within personality traits or the embodiment the unconscious records any karma incurred on the physical plane in an exact polar opposite experience . So for example if one human cheated another and killed them on the unconscious plane they would experience being cheated and killed themselves . Prior to the Fall of Atlantis any soul upon death would review both their conscious and unconscious manifestations . In so doing any karma incurred was automatically cancelled and the soul was free to move on to another solar system to continue its evolution . As the unconscious was severed here on Earth upon death a soul was then only able to review one plane of reality . This to the karmic indebtedness that has trapped most souls on the Earth plane for the past 10 000 years . In so doing evolution within our entire universe as well as upon Earth ceased_leads . Many channels have written about the release of all karma through forgiveness . In December of 1997 the Astral Plane was moved to Nibiru . Upon the Astral plane all ancestors who had passed from the human experience on Earth over the past 10 000 years had continued to exist and evolve . 	Orogeny or orogenesis most commonly involves the collision between two continental or the collision between a continental plate and an island arc . When a continent collides with an island arc arc rocks are thrust over continental . In some orogens including the Grenville Province collision between a continental plate and one or more has occurred prior to final continent_continent collision . Collision follows subduction of oceanic beneath one continent or possibly even both continents or a continent and an island arc . Subduction progressively closes the ocean that previously separated them . Continental crust may be partially subducted following ocean closure . Evidence for this comes from deep reflection seismic profiles and seismic tomographic images . High_pressure metamorphic such as coesite and glaucophane in exhumed continental crust formed during subduction . 	0
19860011900488	If they are extremely outgoing and social on the physical plane they will be a hermit on the unconscious plane . As the unconscious is integrated along with the two polarities it allows an initiate to fully embrace the middle path which means that they can move beyond limitation . In the above example the initiate would become social at times and then a hermit at others and instead of being either extremely heavy or thin their embodiment will come to the middle path in weight . In addition to the polarities within personality traits or the embodiment the unconscious records any karma incurred on the physical plane in an exact polar opposite experience . So for example if one human cheated another and killed them on the unconscious plane they would experience being cheated and killed themselves . Prior to the Fall of Atlantis any soul upon death would review both their conscious and unconscious manifestations . In so doing any karma incurred was automatically cancelled and the soul was free to move on to another solar system to continue its evolution . As the unconscious was severed here on Earth upon death a soul was then only able to review one plane of reality . This to the karmic indebtedness that has trapped most souls on the Earth plane for the past 10 000 years . In so doing evolution within our entire universe as well as upon Earth ceased_leads . Many channels have written about the release of all karma through forgiveness . In December of 1997 the Astral Plane was moved to Nibiru . Upon the Astral plane all ancestors who had passed from the human experience on Earth over the past 10 000 years had continued to exist and evolve . 	Science editors appointed for the journal . a professor in the Department of Geology at Utah State University studies deformation and fluid flow in the upper 10 km of the Earth is crust using mapping laboratory measurements geochemistry computer graphics and structural analysis . His current research focuses on fault zone studies and hydrology geological and mechanical models of fault development relating geological observations to seismologically derived properties of faults and structural analyses of deformed rocks . He served as associate editor of the from 1992 to 1997 was chief editor from 1997 to 2002 and also edited two special issues . James P_ Evans Journal of Structural Geology is an associate professor in the Geosciences Department of the University of Arizona . His research interests include landforms on Earth is surface that are sculpted by flowing water in the form of rivers and glaciers and by wind and windborne particles with a focus on the integration of computer model results with field and remote_sensing data . 	0
19870118900092	Grand Avenue a major thoroughfare in the Ph_enix area and part of perhaps because it mirrored the California border was chosen as part of that boundary . 	Adopted by the Arizona Wildlife Federation the program spawned the first state_specific big_game trophy scoring and awards program and the first state record book . Arizona Wildlife Trophies . Along with teaching its members the ways and techniques of calling predators APC has been a leader in public education about a variety of species hunting techniques and management issues . 	0
19880041000658	Ancient such as may have been spoken in this region around the time of the rise of Zoroastrianism . By the middle of the sixth century BC the of the Persians overthrew the and incorporated Afghanistan known as to the Greeks within its boundaries_ conquered Afghanistan after 330 BCE . 	It was now a little past noon_17 . Infantry and Cavalry Action . The initiated the first Afghan infantry attack on the British line against the 66th Foot . Highly motivated by religious and patriotic fervor large numbers of devout in white garments led the assault . The 66th with its superior firepower successfully repelled the successive waves of the attack while inflicting heavy losses on the whose rudimentary muskets swords and spears were no match for the Martini_Henrys . 	0
19890174201455	On another occasion while in Colonial Williamsburg I toured the largest winery in the state . Williamsburg Winery . There are around 135 wineries in Virginia . An e_mail invitation for a golf weekend at Lansdowne Resort was about to be deleted when I decided to check out their website and realized they were in Loudoun County 35 miles outside of Washington DC . The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . Further research showed me that Lansdowne Resort was 15 minutes from Washingtons Dulles International Airport and 20 minutes from the Capital Beltway . 	Resort_view accommodations for one night . Three_course dinner for two . American Breakfast for two adults and two children . Ritz Kids organized activities during dinner . After_dinner family Valentine cookie decorating with the pastry chef . Overnight valet parking . Resort fee . Package rates are per room exclusive of taxes and gratuities and are based on single or double adult occupancy plus two children and vary by room or suite category . Package is based on availability and must be booked in advance to ensure availability of Ritz Kids session and pastry chef . Packages may not be combined with any other offer and are subject to availability . Packages are not applicable to groups of 10 or more rooms . Medici Caf Terrace offers a special Valentines Day menu on Saturday February 14 2009 including a sumptuous chocolate dessert from renowned pastry chef Chris Hanmer . 	0
19900174200884	On another occasion while in Colonial Williamsburg I toured the largest winery in the state . Williamsburg Winery . There are around 135 wineries in Virginia . An e_mail invitation for a golf weekend at Lansdowne Resort was about to be deleted when I decided to check out their website and realized they were in Loudoun County 35 miles outside of Washington DC . The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . It is bordered by Washington DC and the Atlantic Ocean on the East Maryland to the North North Carolina and Tennessee to the South and West Virginia and Kentucky to the West . Further research showed me that Lansdowne Resort was 15 minutes from Washingtons Dulles International Airport and 20 minutes from the Capital Beltway . 	The 170 million hotel built by Perini Building Co is seen as the centerpiece for the 500 million Mediterranean_themed MonteLago Village a joint development of Intrawest Corp_ and Cook Inlet Region Inc . The 50_acre village still under construction will have a 40 000_square_foot casino boutique retail shops restaurants office space and luxury condominiums starting in the 300 000s . Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . 	0
19910010803142	Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . 	Today Bauer stands as one of the nation is largest public figures for HIV AIDS awareness and fights against the stigmas and discrimination associated with the diagnosis . At Lafayette he will share his personal experiences on fame fortune and a life with HIV AIDS . 	0
19920010800257	Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . 	Yet when allowances are made for these differences a consensus on the substantive components of multicultural education quickly emerges . Such agreement is evident in areas such as the key content dimensions value priorities the justification for multicultural education and its expected outcomes . 	0
19930079902118	Some dieticians will tell you never to mix fruit and milk because they are both fairly simple carbs that cause quick spikes in bG . 	In this group of articles we will discuss the following topics and _ disease management diabetes health insurance for diabetics how do you get diabetes how is diabetes inherited sleep apnea and diabetes diabetic doctor diabetic foot pain shoes for diabetics diabetic gift baskets . Where to obtain continuing education in diabetes . 	0
19940096001121	Boehne contends that could include trying to sell the As we told you Thursday it is not a foregone conclusion that the will be shut down . 	The person bearing the 1859 placard and candle will light the candle representing 1860 1860 will light 1861 and so on through 2009 . The vigil will last about a half hour . If you would like to be a part of this historic event please contact John Ensslin at _ contactus_iwantmyrocky_com . 	0
19950017302438	Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Information you read in this subcourse will aid you in maintaining and improving the health of soldiers . In that pursuit do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . The medical soldier caring for patients provides a valuable service to his comrades . 	0
19960017300189	Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	The tape set is probably unavailable at video rental stores . Since the set of seven tapes is probably quite expensive the public library would be the best way to examine these tapes . There are that go along with being a good dog owner . A dog will live from 10 to 20 years depending on its breed size and general health . This is a long term commitment and you must be ready to provide the dog with a home for that duration . 	0
19970017302438	Spay Neuter Information . What do Spay and Neuter Really Mean . 	Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . You will need to know medical terms in order to read a medical record to complete forms to decipher a physician is handwriting and to communicate with others in the hospital in a professional manner . 	0
19980017300176	Spay Neuter Information . What do Spay and Neuter Really Mean . 	Then sever the umbilical cord about 1 2 inches from the puppy is abdomen with a clean scissors . It is better to crush the cord in half rather than a clean cut . You should tie clean thread around the end of the cut cord to prevent bleeding . The cord will shrink up as it dries and will fall off in a few days . 	0
19990017302438	The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . Dog owners can treat minor injuries for their pets if they have the appropriate remedies tools and equipment available . The following items were included in a first aid kit that the Cincinnati Veterinary Medical Association gave to police dog handlers at a recent workshop . A home first aid kit needs many of the same items . Dog Owner is Guide article . 	0
20000144400516	Registration is not required for attendance at Regularly scheduled conferences . 	Spiritual Care is one of the clearest visible expressions of dedication to the Congregation of Alexian Brothers Charism and is central to ABHS is identity as a Catholic healthcare provider . Chaplains have been present to comfort patients and their families in times of crisis give thanks in times of joy testify to the love of God and at times guide our family of physicians nurses and employees in matters of the spirit . 	0
20010017302438	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . 	Many times the last step given in the treatment instructions is to evacuate the casualty to a medical treatment facility . This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . In this subcourse you will study basic human anatomy . 	0
20020079902118	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . 	However continuing education can also include other trainings and learning programs such as those achieved through vocational and certification training . It may be achieved through formal and traditional classroom learning tutorial correspondence or online courses . How professionals can participate in continuing education courses . There are a variety of courses available for health care providers most of which are offered as specialized learning depending on the individual is field of specialization . 	0
20030097700181	Some of the structures the tornado destroyed included an spanning the Mississippi River the a a school and two churches . 	Most areas on south_central and north Edmonton received more than 40 mm of rain over the course of the day and in some localized deluges approximately 30 to 40 mm of rain fell in one hour . Twenty_seven died over 300 suffered injuries and more than 300 homes were destroyed . 	0
20040017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	Hygiene and Care of the Patient Positioning the Patient Caring for the Patient is Environment Specimen Collection and Handwashing Procedures . As a medical specialist you will treat patients with eye ear and nose injuries . These injuries can be very sensitive to the patient . You must use extreme care when working with these patients . 	0
20050017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	Try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . 	0
20060079902118	Exercise therapy when appropriate may also help changes in dietary therapies as well_may Taken from the American Diabetes Association is Exchange Lists for Meal Planning . 	This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
20070083102546	His body lay unburied on the shore till a sailor humanely cast a handful of sand on it . Otherwise he would have had to wander on this side the for a hundred years such the virtue of a little dust as calls it . 	He introduced the concepts of evolute and involute . His friendships with Descartes Pascal Mersenne and others helped inspire his mathematics Huygens in turn was mentor and inspiration to Gottfried Leibniz . At Pascal is urging he published the first real textbook on probability theory Huygens also became the first practicing actuary . 	0
20080041002863	Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . 	His reign coincided with the deterioration of the empires on both sides of Afghanistan_the Mughals to the southeast and the Safavis to the west . Even his first days as paramount chief were blessed with good fortune . 	0
20090010803142	For example a bipartisan committee of council members would represent a specialized form of diversity on a city government task force_management . On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . 	The contest is open only to Lafayette students who studied abroad during the 2007_2008 academic year including fall 2007 spring 2008 January 2008 and May 2008 interim terms and summer 2008 . At this ceremony the first prize of 200 second prize of 100 and third prize of 50 will be awarded . The top twenty photographs will be on display at the PBCC through Thanksgiving break and will be exhibited in Farinon Student Center thereafter . Deadline for submission of photos is Wednesday Oct 15th_Thursday November 6 4 30 Portlock Black Cultural Center . 	0
20100174202922	Again timing is everything and I was there for the towns October Home Tour Crafts Exhibit . Breaux Vineyards produces 17 varietals on 100 acres of its 400_acre property . We met with the founders daughter_Jennifer Breaux_Blosser who had a wedding scheduled that evening and lots of picnickers . The tasting room reminded me of one in Napa during a summer weekend . 	One of the focal points of the resort is Medici the elegantly designed restaurant driven by Executive Chef Stephen Marshall is unique take on Pan_Mediterranean cuisine . I had a chance to visit for the weekend brunch and came away impressed with the experience . First you have to take a moment to appreciate the room . 	0
20110144501756	The angular speed is found by dividing the angle travelled in one revolution 360 2 rad by the orbital period the time it takes to make one full revolution one or . 	An acronym for Network Basic Input Output System . It is an application program interface API used in local_area networks LANs . Mentioned here because custom_software relying on NetBIOS which was never designed for WANs cannot be accelerated for better performance over satellite_NetBIOS . The most frequently found satellite TV antenna it takes its name from the shape of the dish described mathematically as a parabola . 	0
20120010800257	This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . Thus for example applying an American view of diversity management on one is subsidiary operations in Malaysia Canada Belgium or Japan is not substantially different from imposing one is values on other cultural groups in a domestic U_S_ business setting . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . 	0
20130010800257	The traditional view toward immigrants was that they would wish to assimilate to the dominant Anglo_Saxon population of the nation is earliest colonial settlers . 	One of the primary and persistent reasons for the movement to include cultural pluralism in school programs is to correct what advocates call sins of omission and commission . First we must provide students with information about the history and contributions of ethnic groups who traditionally have been excluded from instructional materials and curricula and second we must replace the distorted and biased images of those groups that were included in the curricula with more accurate and significant information . 	0
20140079902118	Furthermore is anyone doing long_term follow_up on the babies of women whose caloric intake was severely limited to see what the long_term effects of caloric restriction might be . Most studies stop at birth and measure their success solely on the basis of whether baby birth weight has been decreased or mother is weight gain decreased . 	The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . 	0
20150175900679	For Land Rover is 50th anniversary in 1998 two special editions were built . The first was the Defender 50th which was essentially a NAS North American Spec Defender 90 Station Wagon . It was powered by a 190 hp 140 kW 4_0 litre V8 petrol engine and was the first Land Rover outside North America to be fitted with an . 	These were two all_terrain for markets that were in these peak periods the largest of all_terrain SUV and the light . Land Rover is a company created by Rover which in the 80s these two had many financial problems . 	0
20160175900978	For Land Rover is 50th anniversary in 1998 two special editions were built . The first was the Defender 50th which was essentially a NAS North American Spec Defender 90 Station Wagon . It was powered by a 190 hp 140 kW 4_0 litre V8 petrol engine and was the first Land Rover outside North America to be fitted with an . 	These pages were developed during my ownership and are being kept online in_case they are of use to anyone else . Recently a has been added . Land Rover History . When I lived in the UK my car was a little unusual in that it was an ex_MoD Series 3 109 Land Rover . The British Army took delivery in January 1973 making it a little older than myself . 	0
20170174202922	The Finger Lakes Riesling . I often think of the Riesling grape as the Rodney Dangerfield of viticulture . It gets no respect . It will not be long before Finger Lakes Riesling will conjure up thoughts of greatness in the same way Napa Valley is connected to Cabernet Sauvignon . 	Medici is undeniably one of the most beautiful restaurants in town . The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . 	0
20180174201455	The Finger Lakes Riesling . I often think of the Riesling grape as the Rodney Dangerfield of viticulture . It gets no respect . It will not be long before Finger Lakes Riesling will conjure up thoughts of greatness in the same way Napa Valley is connected to Cabernet Sauvignon . 	At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . All teas are served with four kinds of tea sandwiches an assortment of desserts and freshly baked scones with mascarpone cream lemon curd jams and marmalades . Prices range from 40 to 48 for adults or 25 to 32 for children . 	0
20190174200884	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . Reversing directions we head south on Interstate 684 past the Westchester County Airport to SUNY State University of New York Purchase home to the Performing Arts Center and the Neuberger Museum of Art . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . 	0
20200174202922	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . Reversing directions we head south on Interstate 684 past the Westchester County Airport to SUNY State University of New York Purchase home to the Performing Arts Center and the Neuberger Museum of Art . 	The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . 	0
20210114001492	Orange County Regional History Center . Established . Orange County Regional History Center . The is located at 65 East Central Boulevard in downtown Orlando in the historic . 	Orange County Convention Center OCCC . Orlando Florida . United States Of America . Event Profile . AG CONNECT Expo provides a world_class international forum for agriculture industry professionals to share global agricultural ideas and management trends . AG CONNECT Expo features exhibits of the latest industry innovations products and technology as well as a comprehensive education program and extensive networking opportunities with industry experts worldwide . Visitor is Profile . 	0
20220114001750	Orange County Regional History Center . Established . Orange County Regional History Center . The is located at 65 East Central Boulevard in downtown Orlando in the historic . 	Orange County Convention Center OCCC . Orlando Florida . United States Of America . Event Profile . Florida Industrial Woodworking Expo is aimed to position the market segment of the woodworking equipment and demonstrate the new achievements in this sphere . It is dedicated solely to the secondary wood_products industry featuring the latest machines the hottest technology and hard_to_find supplies . 	0
20230114002443	The is located at 65 East Central Boulevard in downtown Orlando in the historic . The five_story museum consists of exhibits presenting local and regional history starting from 12 000 years ago . 	Visitor is Profile . Attendees are top level purchasing engineering and production managers who are directly involved in buying custom contract manufacturing services . Attendees come often with blueprints in hand from companies of all sizes from a wide variety of industries . Exhibitor is Profile . AmCon exhibitors are all job shops and contract manufacturers that provide custom metal plastic rubber or electronic parts and related manufacturing services to OEMs_etc . Organizer  . 	0
20240010800257	Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . The field includes educational scholars researchers and practitioners from a wide variety of personal professional philosophical political and pedagogical backgrounds . 	0
20250010803142	On the domestic level changing demographic patterns allow for new areas of segmented ethnic marketing . 	Sweet Honey in the Rock . Sweet Honey in the Rock a cappella . Wingspan returns to the Williams Center stage for the Boys and Girls Club of Easton is 22nd annual Easton Jazz Festival . 	0
20260133301363	They are ZS_AUB Outeniqua and ZS_BMH Lebombo and are owned by the and operated by an company specialised in Classic Airliner charters to exotic destinations in Africa . 	Dexter Municipal Golf Course . Recreation Area on Lake Wassookeag includes a public beach campground the public boat launch and a popular playground area _ has a lighted and paved 3 000 foot runway . The Town has leased sites for 17 privately owned hangars and there is space available for additional hangars . 	0
20270079900398	Limit your intake to 1_2 veggies at a time except for salad veggies like lettuce or spinach . For examples of each food type and its portion size see the ADA Exchange List booklet . since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
20280079901122	Limit your intake to 1_2 veggies at a time except for salad veggies like lettuce or spinach . For examples of each food type and its portion size see the ADA Exchange List booklet . since different diet programs and different food programs use differing standards . For example in some programs 1 3 c_ of cottage cheese is the standard size in others 1 2 c_ cottage cheese is listed as the serving size . 	Diabetes is a serious health burden that continues to grow . The diabetes communities are now forced to respond and acknowledge three choices . The first is to prevent or get away with the disease second is to have it cured before it gets worse and the last choice will be to take care and watch over the people who have it already . This is to prevent the different complications associated with the disease because it can be very devastating . All the approaches are now being worked out by the National Institute of Health NIH and the Center for Disease Control CDC . The former is involved in research works to come out with different methods to cure and prevent both type 1 and type 2 diabetes . For the meantime NIH will only be focusing for the prevention of Type 1 diabetes . 	0
20290017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . 	0
20300017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Preservatives used in dog food have been blamed for causing every one of these problems . This paper is for Search and Rescue dog handlers who are trained to at least the Advanced First Aid and CPR level . We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . 	0
20310079902118	A few women need to add a serving of milk at about 3 a_m_ in order to keep their bG even throughout the night especially those first diagnosed with gd who have been experiencing a large amount of ketones . See the web section on Ketone Testing . It is important to keep bG even throughout the day and night . 	It is also accredited by the ACCME_ www_diabetes_org . Both basic research and clinical research are included in these activities which also offer opportunities for professional networking perfect for the continuing education of professional health care providers psychologists and researchers . 	0
20320083102546	He was allegedly undefeated as a general in Tarentine campaigns against their southern Italian neighbors . The of asserts that Archytas attempted to rescue Plato during his difficulties with of . In his public career Archytas had a reputation for virtue as well as efficacy . 	In addition to several other important advances in analytic geometry his mathematical works include the Binomial Theorem his eponymous numeric method the idea of polar coordinates and power series for exponential and trigonometric functions . His equation has been called the most important series in mathematics . 	0
20330010800257	While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . Kallen 1970 pp . 184185 makes this point cogently in the following observations . 	0
20340017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . 	0
20350079902118	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . The similarities generally outweigh the differences but the differences can be glaring . Remember that when you read this you are seeing only a few possible versions of gd food plans . 	If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . Members can earn continuing education in diabetes credits online through a convenient and cost_effective method . 	0
20360079901122	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . The similarities generally outweigh the differences but the differences can be glaring . Remember that when you read this you are seeing only a few possible versions of gd food plans . 	Here the healthy pancreas from a donor is being implanted to a person whos suffering from diabetes . However pancreas transplant should not be done when a person does have a heart or a blood vessel disease . The pancreas is very necessary for the digestion process . 	0
20370154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . 	You should consult with your physician or qualified medical practitioner prior to beginning and throughout the course of any weight loss program . Youll want to order at least a 2_week supply a 4_week supply is ideal of Medifast Meals before you start then continue ordering on a monthly basis . 	0
20380079902118	This is probably a more sensible recommendation 1500 calories seems like a ridiculous level for a pregnant woman and the safety of this practice has NOT been established so it is currently not recommended by ACOG but the issue remains to be settled definitively . 	Through continuing education professionals hope to one day extend the knowledge about diabetes not only to professionals and patients but also to other members of the community in order to someday come up with a more integrated and comprehensive approach to diabetes treatment and eventually its cure . 	0
20390079900398	If you desire more information about them or about specific foods try the website . It also contains links that may be helpful in your search for diabetes information_ http___www_anndeweesallen_com_ . 	1800 calorie type 2 diabetes diet hispanics and diabetes pravachol for diabetes diabetes treatment and cure_ juvenile diabetes sport id_ diabetes mellitis_ american diabetes organization diabetes discussion_ juvenile diabetes insulin dependent complications of diabetes mellitus blood diabetes machine testing _ type 2 diabetes meal plans diabetes info . 	0
20400154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . 	If you can not avoid eating something that is not part of the Lean Green Meal it may raise your daily calorie intake but you can get back on the 5 1 Plan starting with your next meal . It is still best not to skip meals even when you think you may have over_eaten . Resume your plan as soon as you are able . What if I want to eat out at a restaurant . As an alternative you can bring along a Medifast Meal and ask the waiter for hot or cold water depending on what you are eating to mix your meal . 	0
20410017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 	0
20420017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . 	This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . If you get a dog of that particular breed the modal typical value is simply the one you would be most likely to get . Listed here some good references on dog breeds others appear in the Publications FAQ . In addition there are many that are specific to one breed . Space prohibits listing any of these type of dog books here but you should look up breed specific books on the breeds you are especially interested in for even more detailed information . 	0
20430079902118	It is true that babies of diabetic pregnancies that develop in asymmetric patterns of growth or become abnormally large are an important issue and need to be prevented . But babies that simply represent the upper limits of normality with normal growth patterns do not necessarily represent an occurrence that must be prevented at any cost no matter what the intervention . 	In this group of articles we will discuss the following topics and _ disease management diabetes health insurance for diabetics how do you get diabetes how is diabetes inherited sleep apnea and diabetes diabetic doctor diabetic foot pain shoes for diabetics diabetic gift baskets . Where to obtain continuing education in diabetes . The premier source for diabetes continuing education is the ADA or American Diabetes Association at . 	0
20440154901044	Poor management of type 1 diabetes mellitus also known as IDDM leads to an excessive amount of glucose and an insufficient amount of insulin in the bloodstream . 	Some policies may cover weight loss programs in conjunction with specific medical conditions such as primary diagnosis of type 2 diabetes or heart disease in which obesity is a factor and weight loss can lead to management or improvement of these conditions . 	0
20450017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	If you are planning on a puppy for show conformation or hunting or whatever else your breed does and possible breeding look for a breeder that is very picky about selling such puppies . If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . Good breeders often have a waiting list of potential puppy buyers and often will not breed until they know they can place all the resulting puppies . If you find a breeder you like do not be surprised if you are placed on a waiting list for a puppy . 	0
20460017302438	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	You can come back to this bulletin after more advanced training . Along the same lines but for low temperature environments is the somewhat less intense which should be a bit easier to assimilate . Medical emergencies do not occur every day . But when they do information can help you deal with these situations . This index contains an A_Z list of common conditions presented to first responders . Not all of these are basic first aid conditions and may require advanced training to properly and safely attend to . The conditions are explained step_by_step treatment protocols are given and this is followed by additional links for related topics and treatment . Excellent information and presentation . PARASOL EMT provides the most comprehensive online first aid resource on the web . With a completely new look and revised to meet the 2004 standards this online 5 edition of Active First Aid has been comprehensively updated and complies with the latest policy recommendations of the ARC and other expert bodies . We have also included access to our new First Aid Quick Guide which will give you concise information on what to do for the most common emergencies . 	0
20470017300189	A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . 	Are behaviors commonly ascribed to specific breeds based in fact or are they just stereotypes . Typical means characteristic of the type and is a statistical abstraction it does not have any normative implications i_e there is no claim that all or even most examples of the type in question have the characteristics that are stated to be typical . 	0
20480010800257	Cultural diversity deals with how to manage those varying cultural norms within a single nation . Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . 	Membership in an ethnic group does not guarantee selfknowledge or exclusive ownership of knowledge about that group . Acquiring knowledge about the history life and culture of ethnic groups is appropriate for all students because they need to learn more with greater accuracy about their own cultural heritages and those of others . 	0
20490017300189	Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . Puppies that are runts due to health problems should be avoided . A responsible breeder will let you know which kind of runt the pup is . Puppies should be at minimum dewormed by eight weeks of age . The first set of puppy shots is desireable as well . Beware of breeders who have not had a vet see the puppies or mother at all . 	0
20500041002863	In 1738 Nadir Shah and his army which included four thousand Pashtuns of the clan conquered the region of Kandahar in the same year he occupied Ghazni Kabul and . On June 19 1747 Nadir Shah was assassinated possibly planned by his nephew . In the same year one of Nadir is military commanders and personal bodyguard a Pashtun from the Abdali clan called for a following Nadir is death . 	A serious breach of custom occurred when he sent his younger brother Dust Mohammad Khan into the deposed governor is harem where he snatched a jeweled girdle from a woman who was the daughter of Mahmud . When news of this reached Mahmud is heir Kamran who already resented the power of Fateh Khan and his brothers the young man urged his father to act against the powerful Muhammadzai chief . Fateh Khan was seized and blinded . His 20 brothers most of whom were in important posts all over Afghanistan led the Muhammadzai in rebellion . Fateh Khan is youngest brother Dost Mohammad whose mother had been a Qizilbash persuaded his mother is tribesmen in Kabul to join him in removing all of the shah is followers from Kabul . 	0
20510010800257	Demographic shifts based on population changes and immigration have led to the reassessment of native_born non_Hispanic whites . This group no longer represents the dominant cultural norm whom all other groups are expected to mimic in attempts to assimilate . Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . 	by Geneva Gay . Introduction . Multicultural education means different things to different people . However the differences are not as great confusing or contradictory as some critics and analysts claim . Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
20520017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . Pets do not have any concept of sexual identity or ego . Neutering will not change a pet is basic personality . He does not suffer any kind of emotional reaction or identity crisis when neutered_Fact . But my dog or cat is so special I want a puppy or kitten just like her_Myth . A dog or cat may be a great pet but that does not mean her offspring will be a carbon copy . Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	In general be suspicious of puppies from anyone who has not had the parents at minimum x_rayed for hip dysplasia and had the eyes checked by a veterinarian or for other problems associated with the breed . Not all breeds have the same problems but breeders should know what they are and be able to tell you which ones they have tested for . And if you have done your homework beforehand you will know if they are checking the right things . Here are some red flags that should make you wary . The presence of any one of them is not necessarily an indication that something IS wrong but you should definitely check further if you see any of these . Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . Unless the previous litter resulted in no live puppies or perhaps only one or two pups or there was a compelling reason to do this THIS TIME the sire is on his last legs etc this should be reason enough to leave . 	0
20530010800257	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	The psychological underpinnings of multicultural education explain its emphasis on developing greater selfunderstanding positive selfconcepts and pride in one is ethnic identity . Emphasizing these areas is part of multicultural education is goal of contributing to the personal development of students which contends that a better sense of self contributes to the overall intellectual academic and social achievement of students . 	0
20540010803142	Additionally the organization that remains cross_culturally sensitive to the needs of a diverse workforce is likely to reduce and based on cross_cultural conflict . Absenteeism declines in an organization that is responsive to the needs of its employees . 	The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . LINC aims to provide social justice and diversity education programming among other efforts_It works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect cultural sensitivity and a strong socio_cultural academic community . 12 00 pmNov . 5 in Farinon Marlo Room East . 	0
20550083102546	This section does not any _ cite references or sources . Please help by adding citations to _ material may be challenged and removed_ improve this section reliable sources Unverifiable May 2008 . The is created by placing a semicircle with a diameter of d on the diameter of one of the two circles of a cylinder which also has a diameter of d and then rotating the semicircle about the cylinder is diameter . 	Whatever the criteria Newton would certainly rank at the top on any list of physicists or scientists in general but I have placed him behind Archimedes on this list his emphasis was physics not mathematics and Leibniz is contribution lessens the historical importance of Newton is calculus . A comment by Leibniz however persuades me to rank Newton near the top . 	0
20560017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . 	If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . Try one of the associates . They tend not to run up the bills so much and a good vet will usually hire good associates as well . Look for a vet who is willing to refer you elsewhere if they do not know the answers rather then saying something like It must be an allergy etc . Check to see if the vet is licensed by the AVMA American Veterinary Medical Association . 	0
20570133302696	The sponsoring airlines and United decided to ask instead for a smaller and simpler derivative but before the definitive DC_4 could enter service the outbreak of the Second World War meant production was channeled to the and the type was given the military designation . Additional versions used by the were designated . The first aircraft a C_54 flew from in on . 	As a precaution Hughes moved to the and stayed there as a guest of before leaving for on a private jet the following day . He subsequently moved into the Penthouse at the Xanadu Princess Resort on Grand Bahama Island which he had recently purchased . He lived almost exclusively in the penthouse of the for the last four years of his life . 	0
20580041000658	In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . Original homelands of the have been proposed as Anatolia Kurdistan Central Asia Iran or Northern India with the directions of the historical migration varying accordingly . 	Maiwand was one of the major military disasters of the Victorian era . On 22 January 1879 a British force at Isandhlwana lost 1 700 men during the Zulu wars . These two defeats reverberated through Britain with much the same impact as the 7th Cavalry is 1876 defeat at Little Big Horn where 244 US soldiers lost their lives . After Maiwand Ayub is force laid siege to Kandahar and was eventually defeated by a British relief force from Kabul . However the British realized there was no military solution for their political objectives in Afghanistan . Shortly after the victory the British army withdrew from Afghanistan into British India . 	0
20590079902118	Protocols will depend on the philosophy of the provider but at this time most providers do not seem to be practicing extreme restriction though small restrictions do seem to be common . 	This is to ensure that courses and activities included in the continuing education program are relevant and duly approved . To encourage quality among its participants these courses can only be credited depending on the extent of the individual is participation in the given activities . Sidebar . In this group of articles we will discuss the following topics and _ disease management diabetes health insurance for diabetics how do you get diabetes how is diabetes inherited sleep apnea and diabetes diabetic doctor diabetic foot pain shoes for diabetics diabetic gift baskets . 	0
20600135602603	The number of sunspots visible on the Sun is not constant but varies over an 11_year cycle known as the . At a typical solar minimum few sunspots are visible and occasionally none at all can be seen . Those that do appear are at high solar latitudes . 	Share ideas about how temperature readings for surfaces could be altered or changed by doing the experiment on a cloudy windy or cloudy and windy day . Repeat experiment and recording temperature findings on days with different variables like a sunny but windy day a cloudy and calm day and a cloudy and windy day . Compare data from different types of days and come to some conclusions . 	0
20610017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	Do not overlook this step you can learn a lot about what the puppies are like and how well they did this way . A responsible breeder should have no problem supplying you with such references . You should be able to see the mother of your puppy her temperament will give you a good idea of your puppy is adult temperament . 	0
20620017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 	0
20630017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
20640017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This subcourse describes procedures for evacuating casualties to a medical treatment facility or to a point where they can be picked up by an evacuation vehicle and transported to a medical treatment facility . In this subcourse you will study basic human anatomy . Anatomy is the study of body structure . Ph_siology is the study of body functions . Anatomy and physiology are two subject matter areas that are vitally important to most medical MOSs . Do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . 	0
20650010800257	Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	It is also similar to Sleeter and Grant is 1988 conception of multicultural education for social reconstruction . This approach focuses on oppression and social structure inequalities with the intention of creating a society that better empowers and serves the needs and interests of all groups of people . 	0
20660010803142	Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	Today Bauer stands as one of the nation is largest public figures for HIV AIDS awareness and fights against the stigmas and discrimination associated with the diagnosis . At Lafayette he will share his personal experiences on fame fortune and a life with HIV AIDS . 	0
20670017300189	Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	no score . For example let is say that you want to plot the aggressiveness of various breeds . First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . 	0
20680174200884	There are seven other lakes with a total of six wineries located around them . The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . 	0
20690041000658	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . On the other hand native entities have invaded surrounding regions in and to form empires of their own . 	Burrows decided to engage the Afghan force while it was on the march . He left the baggage at Mahmudabad and the column turned northwest onto a barren plain cut by several ravines . On the far side of the village is a large ravine 15 to 25 feet deep and 50 to 100 feet wide which runs northeasterly . 	0
20700041002863	Afghanistan is a country at a unique nexus point where numerous civilizations have interacted and often fought and was an important site of early historical activity . Through the ages the region has been home to various people among them the tribes such as the etc . It also has been conquered by a host of people including the and and . In recent times invasions from the and most recently by the have taken place . On the other hand native entities have invaded surrounding regions in and to form empires of their own . 	Only a few weeks after signing an agreement with the British in 1809 Shuja was deposed by his predecessor Mahmud whose second reign lasted nine years until 1818 . Mahmud is downfall in 1818 was certainly the result of his foolish behavior . He had returned to the throne again only as a result of the support of Painda Khan is son Fateh Khan now chief of the Muhammadzai and the most powerful chief among the Durrani Pashtuns . 	0
20710010803142	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . 	True to Miller is blues_tinged upbringing he is a bop intellectual with an unabashed gift for populism says . That explains both the thundering jabs in his sparkling runs and the sleekness in his writing and arranging . Williams Center for the Arts Saturday November 22 8 00 pm . Mulgrew Miller and Wingspan . Mulgrew Miller Steve Wilson Time Out New York . DECEMBER . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . 	0
20720010800257	This figure itself includes ethnically distinct groups such as Jewish Italian and other Americans with strong ethnic identities . To ensure hiring the best person for the job so small a base would be impractical on a large scale . On the other hand the organization that attempts to sensitize itself to the cross_cultural issues of a diverse workforce will likely benefit . 	Promoting diversity means acknowledging diversity incorporating diversity into all levels and demonstrating pride in cultural pluralism along with a sincere belief that diversity is desirable . The actions taken in schools to adopt multicultural education should reflect the race language ethnicity habits and customs of ethnic groups throughout the global community . In order to promote a comprehensive understanding of cultural groups we must use a variety of methods and a composite of various areas of scholarship including the humanities arts social sciences history politics and sciences . 	0
20730018400671	Queens Zoo zoo New York City borough Queens Flushing Meadows_Corona Park Wildlife Conservation Society New York City Department of Parks and Recreation . The Zoo opened on with the ceremonial ribbon cut by . 	Dance and Music programs begin at 6 30 pm followed by the Film program at 8 pm each Friday . American Express presents Passport Fridays 2008 at the Queens Museum of Art . Additional support for Passport Fridays 2008 has been provided by the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs New York State Council on the Arts Independence Community Foundation MetroPlus Health Plan and Elmhurst Hospital_Passport Fridays . No raindates . In Case of Rain program moves inside of museum . 	0
20740174200884	Reversing directions we head south on Interstate 684 past the Westchester County Airport to SUNY State University of New York Purchase home to the Performing Arts Center and the Neuberger Museum of Art . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . 	0
20750011900139	The abductions are a result of the Grey is search for a genetic solution to their own inability to love and ultimately to evolve . 	The terms orogeny and orogenesis are synonymous for tectonic processes that result in the formation of . Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
20760010800257	This is a prodigious task for it requires people especially those of the dominant culture to let go of their assumptions about the universal rightness of their own values and customary ways of doing things and to become receptive to other cultures_The American Mosaic . 	If one of the primary functions of schooling is to transmit the sociocultural legacy of the nation to its young citizens then our educational system must incorporate multiculturalism as a persistent and routine component of programs and practices . 	0
20770010800257	Finally cross_cultural sensitivity associated with managing cultural diversity in the domestic workplace provides an advantage that is valuable in competing in foreign markets . Domestic cross_cultural sensitivity increases the likelihood that U_S_ companies will have an edge on cross_cultural issues abroad areas in which competitors from more homogeneous nations would be well versed only after having entered the foreign market in question . DIVERSITY IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE . Diversity is also a factor in international business . 	Multicultural education is a basic for all students in a culturally ethnically and socially pluralistic society such as the United States . Ethnicity and culture are influential variables in shaping individual identity and behavior _ cultural socialization are ingrained early and deeply in the human personality and persist thereafter . Cultural diversity is a normative description of U_S_ society . Multicultural education is compatible with U_S_ democratic ideals and is complementary to quality education . 	0
20780133302696	Douglas continued to develop the type during the war in preparation for a return to airline services when peace returned . However the type is sales prospects were hit by the offloading of 500 wartime C_54s and R5Ds onto the civil market . DC_4s were a favorite of such as Great Lakes Airlines North American Airlines Universal Airlines Transocean Airlines etc . 	Two nuclear_tipped torpedoes and some cryptographic machines were recovered along with the bodies of six Soviet who were subsequently given formal burial at sea in a filmed ceremony . The operation known as became public in February 1975 because burglars had obtained secret documents from Hughes headquarters in June 1974_ submariners Project Jennifer 26 edit Managing the financial empire . As his empire grew Hughes worked to minimize the company is taxes . 	0
20790010803142	Diversity is also a factor in international business . While many managers may recognize and value the diversity in their own domestic work environment these same managers tend to overlook the diversity within the nations abroad in which they conduct business . Thus many American managers who would never say that all Americans are alike with no cultural differences present will assume nonetheless that for example all Britons or all Thais are culturally alike . Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	French African Voices Tournees Film Festival at Lafayette College presentsDelwende . SEPTEMBER . This 18_piece tribute band of many of Dizzy most loyal band members includes artistic director Slide Hampton James Moody and Jimmy Heath . Thelonius Monk Prize_winning vocalist Roberta Gambarini is also featured as some of the most eloquent voices in American Jazz honor the enduring presence of Gillespie spirit and genius . Sponsored by the Offices of Intercultural Development and Religious Life at the beginning of the academic year . A fun meet and greet reception to welcome back returning students meet incoming first_year students and interact with faculty and administrative personnel_Wednesday September 3rd 8pm Williams Center for the Arts . Dizzy Gillespie All_Star Big Band from 2 5 pmSaturday Sept . 6 2008 in the David A_ Portlock Cultural Center . OID Welcome Back BBQ . As part of this year is Latino Heritage Month Lafayette is Portlock Black Cultural Center will host an exhibit featuring the art of Costa Rican artist Sofia Ruiz_Ugalde_Monday Sept . 15 Friday Oct . 24 2008 10 am 4 pm David A_ Portlock Black Cultural Center . Ojo Joven de Costa Rica works by Sof Ruiz_Ugalde of Costa Rica . The goal of the Lafayette Intercultural Network Council is to promote the development of cross and inter_cultural exchange through student staff and faculty collaboration and dialogue . 	0
20800174200884	An e_mail invitation for a golf weekend at Lansdowne Resort was about to be deleted when I decided to check out their website and realized they were in Loudoun County 35 miles outside of Washington DC . The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . 	Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . No doubt it is going to be fabulous Dallow said . This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . 	0
20810156401160	Dogs with limb osteosarcoma typically show lameness and swelling at the affected site . For other sites dogs may show difficulty to open their mouth if jaw bone cancer nasal discharge if nasal cavity bone cancer or neurological signs if spine bone cancer . edit Diagnosis . The initial evaluation involves X_rays of the affected site but the only way to confirm the diagnosis is by tissue _ biopsy 1 edit Treatment . Depending on the pet is unique condition there are several treatment options including surgery and _ chemotherapy radiation therapy . 	The grant from the National Cancer Institute part of the National Institutes of Health covers five years at Auburn including two years of laboratory work developing gene vectors and testing them on cells followed by three years of clinical trials with dogs diagnosed with lymphoma _ ur clinics see 30 to 50 dogs with lymphoma per year Dr_ Smith said_ he only treatment is chemotherapy so the owners who volunteer their dogs for the study have the added hope that this new gene therapy will help their pets_o p . Two years from now when the clinical trial starts pet owners with lymphoma_affected dogs will be able to participate in the trial at no additional cost other than the normal veterinary fees . 	0
20820017302438	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . Chemical reactions occur in each body cell . Some chemical reactions synthesize new enzymes cell structures bone and other components of the body . Other chemical reactions release energy needed for the building processes . The foods we eat are usually too large to pass through the membranes of the body is cells . 	0
20830010803142	Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	Sweet Honey in the Rock . Sweet Honey in the Rock a cappella . Wingspan returns to the Williams Center stage for the Boys and Girls Club of Easton is 22nd annual Easton Jazz Festival . 	0
20840133302696	This lent itself to easy stretching into the later and . A total of 1 163 C_54 R5Ds were built for the United States military services between 1942 and January 1946_ landing gear DC_6 DC_7 . 	In late 1971 Donald Nixon was collecting intelligence for his brother in preparation for the upcoming presidential election . One of Donald is sources was a former business adviser of Hughes who had also worked with Democratic National Chairman . 	0
20850010800257	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
20860010803142	Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	Eiko Koma and Pianist Margaret Leng Tan . Mourning . Sunday August 31st 8pm on the QuadA small village in Burkina Faso is devastated by the sudden death of many of its children . The village elders conduct a search to find out the person responsible for all deaths . The blame falls on Napoko who is chased from the village . 	0
20870054001924	GIMP# history . February 23 2007 at 11 17 am . In . GIMP 6 Comments . In the graph below you can see the download history for . 	The Past Shooter Entry Form is available in Adobe PDF format_If you have free Adobe Acrobat Reader software installed you can download the 2006 2 Shot Past Shooter Entry Form . Past Shooter App_pdf . Click on this button to get Adobe Acrobat Reader . Adobe Reader Download You can download the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF files on all major computer platforms at http www_adobe_com prodindex acrobat readstep_html . 	0
20880118902669	Some scholars believe the name is simply an abbreviation of the Spanish phrase dry region although the phrasing is atypical for Spanish . 	Copyright © 1998 2008 Denise Traver Raven Coyote and its licensors . All rights reserved . Except where noted otherwise all printed material may be freely copied and distributed subject to the inclusion of this copyright notice . 	0
20890017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . To find out more about wikis see the . This textbook grew out of the First Aid article at Wikipedia . 	0
20900017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . 	0
20910017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	For example let is say that you want to plot the aggressiveness of various breeds . First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . 	0
20920017302438	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . 	Having supplies gathered ahead of time will help you handle an emergency at a moment is notice . You should keep one first_aid kit in your home and one in each car . Also be sure to bring a first_aid kit on family vacations . You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . 	0
20930017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . 	0
20940017302438	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Preservatives used in dog food have been blamed for causing every one of these problems . This paper is for Search and Rescue dog handlers who are trained to at least the Advanced First Aid and CPR level . We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . 	0
20950017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The author writes a newspaper column and has been answering basic questions every day for years the same type that show up in rec_pets_dogs . This experience and helpful advice comes through in every page on this book . You and Your Dog . This useful book is an overall guide to the health and care of dogs . It includes a basic listing of dog breeds AKC . This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . 	0
20960010800257	This necessarily affects Japanese attitudes toward diversity or even the ability of the Japanese to see diversity as an important issue in other countries . By contrast in Canada no single ethnic or cultural group comprises a majority of the population . 	Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . And it requires changes in school programs policies and practices . Multiculturalists explicitly value diversity and agree that the specific content structures and practices employed in achieving multicultural education will differ depending on the setting . Therefore it is useful for educators to develop their own definitions of multicultural education within the general boundaries outlined above to fit their specific needs rather than imposing a universal structure to implement multicultural education . 	0
20970017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . The procedures in this document should be used to provide first aid only to dogs in a bloat condition . They are not intended to replace prompt professional treatment by a qualified veterinarian . 	0
20980017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	The breeder should also guarantee to take the puppy back if you are unable to keep it rather than having it go to the pound . The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . 	0
20990164902093	Usually a dog_licence identifying number is issued to the owner along with a bearing the identifier and a contact number for the registering organization . 	We work hard to educate the public on how to meet the needs of small dogs and how to avoid abusive and neglectful situations with these little pets . Chihuahua Small Dog Rescue Inc_ is an all volunteer organization . No one is paid for their wonderful dedication to the homeless abused and neglected Chihuahuas and small dogs that come into our organization . 	0
21000017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	For example let is say that you want to plot the aggressiveness of various breeds . First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . 	0
21010106000011	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . For varied interests we offer trolling bottom fishing live_bait fishing and kite fishing . We also offer everything from light tackle fishing up to 50 lb stand_up tackle . 	For the first time in history a gallery is taking in less than the artist and we are proud to be such a support to our art community and world at large . Art should be affordable yet well done and we are here to bring you the arts from the Caribbbean starting with the infamous Rincon PR ! The worldwide mecca for surfing the world is most beautiful sunsets whale watching and now the Arts ! Sign up for our email list and enjoy the benefits of special offers forMembers Only . 	0
21020010800257	While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
21030106000964	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	Perhaps not as staggeringly beautiful as Mona but with all the charm of an uninhabited island Desecheo is the other west coast gem but only a mere 12 miles away and accessible almost any day . Depending on the size of the dive boat and where it is located the journey will take from 30 minutes to one and a half_hours_Desecheo Island . 	0
21040106000694	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	When you dive the water is so clear it is almost like it is not there . We can not begin to describe what it is like to dive Rincon and the nearby uninhabited islands of Desecheo and Mona . 	0
21050017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	One puppy may come right up to you and investigate . Of course it is cute all puppies are . You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . 	0
21060017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	For medical preparation in a long_term survival situation this is a must read . Thanks go out to Capt . Dave for providing the site . Only three of the 200 known species of sucking lice infest humans . They are the head louse the body louse and the crab or pubic louse . 	0
21070106000694	We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . 	Lemontree Grows in Rincon . The legendary Lemontree Oceanfront Cottages has new owners a new look and a new attitude . If you have not stayed at Lemontree recently you are in for a pleasant surprise . Upgraded tropical accommodations flat screen TV is and Wi_Fi are just some of the newer amenities at Lemontree . 	0
21080174202922	Then there are the late harvest and botrytis wines for the end of a meal or by themselves . 	The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . Instead of trying to reach under a sneeze guard at Medici you choose from a variety of items on a fixed_price menu and they are served to you at your table . You can start at the drink bar or have the servers bring your choice of a breakfast cocktail . 	0
21090106000694	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	Located in the gated community of Hill Estates is just minutes to beautiful beaches world_class surfing and charming downtown Rincon . EnjoyPalatine Sugar Hill Luxury Villa miles of pristine beaches captivating sunsets world_class surfing whale watching snorkeling diving windsurfing or just relaxing by the pool and taking in some of the most awesome scenery in Puerto Rico . 	0
21100174200884	Their 475_acre farm includes U_Pick fruit berries as well as grape vines . There is a 6 000 square foot cave that houses the winery and gift shop . By the time we got to Hillborough Vineyards they were closed for the day . The view from the winery is spectacular . Fine wine is an art . 	Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . Rates are discounted to 169 during the week and 189 on weekends for local residents . Valentine is Day is historically the busiest day for Ritz_Carlton Evans said . 	0
21110106000694	Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . So go with the best Dive Rincon Dive Taino . 	The pictures on the web site are an approximation of the actual beauty and comfort of this gorgeous beach house . We welcome Seashell Villas to our pages it promises to be quite popular with the most discerning of our steady Rincon visitors . Luxury Accommodations at Maria is Beach?Yes . Surf the best breaks in Rincon and walk from the shore to the luxurious Maria is Beach Villas . 	0
21120174202922	Off the Saw Mill is Ph_lipse Manor Hall in Yonkers this Georgian mansion is a National Historic Landmark . You can walk from here down to the newly developed waterfront past Ella Fitzgeralds statue at the Metro North train station and the sculpture gardens . Further north on the same street is the Hudson River Museum with a planetarium and the Glenview mansion featuring exhibitions of American art history and science . 	All of this elegance fine food and terrific service come at a price of course 37 to be exact . The fixed price includes a drink appetizer main course and the desert presentation . Yes that is expensive significantly more for significantly less food than you can gorge yourself on most weekend brunch buffets on the Strip . 	0
21130106002379	Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . So go with the best Dive Rincon Dive Taino . 	Superior Poolside Rooms rooms are located in our brand new section of the hotel on the lower resort level of the hotel where pool jacuzzi The Rum Shack are located . These rooms have upgraded furniture and decoration flat screen TVs and large balconies overlooking the pool with great views of the Rincon hills . Superior rooms have similar layout and decor with one king bed or two queen beds and mattresses . Rooms are on the second or third floor above the pool office gift shop and breakfast buffet . 	0
21140106000694	Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . So go with the best Dive Rincon Dive Taino . 	Kate joins a long list of mega_celebrities who shall remain nameless that find themselves quite at home in Rincon . A New Amapola Grows in Puntas_For years we have watched how the hills inPuntas have become dotted with new and beautiful beach area homes . The newest one Amapola House is a three_level vacation rental villa located on a ocean_view hillside near Sandy Beach in the lush and beautiful Puntas Hills . 	0
21150106002379	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	All rooms offer air conditioning ceiling fans private bath satellite Dish Network TV with 100 channels clock microwave mini_fridge and our Continental Breakfast Buffet . Free Wi_Fi internet access is available in our main poolside lobby . Family owned and operated since 1989 our friendly small Caribbean country inn has been a favorite of adventurous travelers to Puerto Rico for over two decades . 	0
21160017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Arrange a retreat for a cat by blocking off entrance to a room with a child is gate that the cat can jump over but the dog cannot . Be sure that the original pet gets plenty of attention after the arrival of the new pet . Resentment at loss of attention and change in routine can exacerbate the problems with the two getting along . 	0
21170017300189	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
21180017302438	You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	It is practically impossible to parent a child from infancy to adolescence without encountering a situation be it minor or major that requires medical attention either at home or by a health care professional . But we have taken the guesswork out of what to do in some common scenarios . 	0
21190045601303	From there I was promoted to the cook kitchen . And from there I promoted myself into the business of manufacturing hair goods and preparations I have built my own factory on my own ground . 2 . There is no royal flower_strewn path to success . And if there is I have not found it for if I have accomplished anything in life it is because I have been willing to work hard . 2 . 	He read the Bible and extracted from it useful ideas on liberty and freedom . He preached to other slaves counseling them to seek self_respect to fight for justice and to resist and rebel against the institution of slavery if they were to be free men . He believed that he was chosen by God to deliver his people from bondage and slay my enemies with their own weapons . In February 1831 Turner received what he believed to be a sign from God a solar eclipse telling him that it was time for him and his companions to prepare for the revolt . On August 21 they began their attempt to overthrow the institution of slavery . 	0
21200010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . Thus in an international perspective managers must assess diversity differently depending on which nation or nations in which they find themselves . To do otherwise would be to impose their own cultural values toward diversity on other societies . This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . 	School leaders often operate on the faulty assumption that their values beliefs and actions are the norm for everyone exist beyond any cultural constraints or are culturally neutral . They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . This belief is far from the truth . 	0
21210017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . 	0
21220017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	All Basic Life Support procedures demonstrated in this free online course adhere to the same guidelines as the American Red Cross and The American Heart Association and are intended to provide the student with the cognitive skills needed to administer CPR and First Aid in case of an emergency . Learn how to help someone who is hurt with this helpful basic online course_ from Brazos River Rattlesnake Ranch . They should know . Actually this is the worksheet or poster reprint Stock #202_652 Form 934 that you can print out and keep inside your shelter area . 	0
21230010800257	This in turn has within it the same roots of cross_cultural intolerance that domestic diversity appreciation policies attempt to eliminate . Thus for example applying an American view of diversity management on one is subsidiary operations in Malaysia Canada Belgium or Japan is not substantially different from imposing one is values on other cultural groups in a domestic U_S_ business setting . DavidA_Victor . FURTHER READING . Amott Teresa L_ and Julie A_ Matthaei . 	Regardless of these variations all conceptions of multicultural education share four characteristics 1 they are based upon a common set of assumptions 2 they evolve out of common concerns 3 they contain common guidelines for action 4 they share a desire to make cultural pluralism and ethnic diversity integral parts of the educational process . When planning for multicultural education in school programs it is important to allow different conceptions of multicultural education to be expressed in the school decisionmaking process rather than to insist on one definition . 	0
21240017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	See also PDF Knowledge of how the human body is constructed and how it works is an important part of the training of everyone concerned with healing the sick or managing conditions following injury . This chapter will provide you with a general knowledge of the structures and functions of the body . 6 Pages 44 pages . Kudos to for finding and hosting these files . Also available in . An is available for this document . This safety module is intended to be used as a refresher safety awareness session and is in no way to be used as a substitute for job training nor for proper equipment use . 	0
21250142700596	Alaska Child Support Division Review Arizona Child Support Forms such as . Change of Address Notification Application for Child Support Services Acknowledgement of Paternity Form and many other forms related to child support in the state of Arizona . 	USE OF THE GUIDELINES . For obligors with a combined weekly adjusted income as defined by these Guidelines of less than 100_00 the Guidelines provide for case‑by‑case determination of child support normally with a range of 25_00‑ 50_00 weekly_In such cases the Court should carefully review the obligor is income and living expenses to determine the maximum amount of child support that can reasonably be ordered without denying the obligor the means for self‑support at a minimum subsistence level_A specific amount of child support should always be ordered . 	0
21260010800257	While it is not unreasonable to think that Flemish Belgians might work in a French_speaking area or vice versa the attachment to region and the likelihood of such movement is considerably less likely than might be expected in the United States . 	Advocates agree that the content of multicultural education programs should include ethnic identities cultural pluralism unequal distribution of resources and opportunities and other sociopolitical problems stemming from long histories of oppression . They believe that at best multicultural education is a philosophy a methodology for educational reform and a set of specific content areas within instructional programs . Multicultural education means learning about preparing for and celebrating cultural diversity or learning to be bicultural . 	0
21270017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	If you find a breeder you like do not be surprised if you are placed on a waiting list for a puppy . The wait will be worth it . Approach getting a puppy as if you were adopting a child . Expect a lot of questions and ASK a lot of questions . A responsible breeder is also looking for a responsible owner . Selecting the puppy . A better way to select a pup from a litter is to do a little temperament testing and pick the dog with the temperament that best meets you and your family is needs . 	0
21280017302438	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	You will be able to view medical information related to first aid for you and your family . You will find topics that will help improve emergencies such as anaphylactic shock bee stings nosebleeds heart attack symptoms emergency kits and more . Well maybe . The information is good but the site is annoying opening every link in a new and pretty slow window . I did not like it and I have found just as good info elsewhere . 01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . 	0
21290017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . Any time you bring your dog to the vet try to bring a fresh fecal sample . Put a small fingernail_sized sample into a plastic bag or ask your vet for a supply of fecal samplers . The vet cannot always get a fecal sample from the dog and this saves you extra trips to return the sample and then bring the dog in if the tests are positive . 	0
21300088300959	July 6 Nathula Pass India China Sino_Indian War crashes into a concrete barrier shortly after landing killing at least 122 people and leaving many injured . 	The fact that you have come to an agreement and the fact that you have thought it necessary to give us a joint notification of that agreement make it clear that your intention is to exert pressure and this in our view at once raises a previous question . This question which calls for preliminary examination must therefore be laid before the League of Nations . To the British government . The British Government has already entered into negotiations with the Ethiopian Government in regard to its proposal and we had imagined that whether that proposal was carried into effect or not the negotiations would have been concluded with us we would never have suspected that the British Government would come to an agreement with another Government regarding our Lake . 	0
21310142700596	Iowa Department of Human Services Learn how you can receive finacial help to provide for your child children . Indiana Child Support Bureau Find child support offices in your local area . Indiana Child Support Office Locations Individuals appearing on this list were submitted by the local county prosecutor is office handling the case . 	The total is taken to the support tables referred to in the Indiana Guidelines as the Guideline Schedules for Weekly Support Payments to determine the total cost of supporting a child or children . 3 . Work‑related child care expenses and the weekly costs of health insurance premiums for the child ren are then added to the basic child support obligation . 4 . The child support obligation is then prorated between the parents based on their proportionate share of the weekly adjusted income hence the name income shares . 	0
21320181600822	Other formats include those that utilize a or month of expiration is incorporated into the plate number_ jurisdiction Delaware Rhode Island California county coding system . Non_passenger vehicles tend to have their own special format and often have the vehicle type listed on the plate . 	Extends from three years to six years the period in which the Department of Taxation may assess income tax for any tax return filed based in whole or in part on an abusive tax avoidance transaction . An abusive tax avoidance transaction means a transaction that has been identified by the Tax Commissioner as such a transaction and that has been published by the Tax Commissioner . 	0
21330010800257	In a hospital for instance the presence of physicians registered nurses and hospital administrators may present diversity issues . Diversity can indicate differences in thought processing or personality . For example the different outcomes of employees on psychological indicators such as Myer_Briggs test scores can be useful in establishing teams . 	Multicultural education should become a regular part of education in the United States for three major reasons the social realities of U_S_ society the influence of culture and ethnicity on human growth and development and the conditions of effective teaching and learning . These reasons explain not only the need for multicultural education but also what its content emphasis should be and how it should be taught . Each reason plays an important and unique role in establishing the justifications parameters and directions for multicultural education . Social Realities . The United States is extremely culturally pluralistic socially stratified and racially divided . Popular news magazines such as and often reiterate this fact . The April 9 1990 issue of examined the growing percentage of people of color in the U_S_ population . 	0
21340181600822	A few other states such as allow although do not require out of state students to register their vehicles in state citation needed citation needed New York citation needed . When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . 	70_Voluntary contributions of tax refunds new organizations . 58_1_344_3 amended . Establishes an income tax check off for income tax refund contributions to the Department for the Aging to be used for Medicare Part D counseling . This would be in addition to the current check off for income tax refund contributions to the Department for the Aging for providing transportation services to the elderly . SB 954 CH . 601_Income tax checkoff for Department for the Aging . 36_55_63 and 58_1_435 amended . Consolidates provisions of the low_income housing tax credit currently appearing in Titles 36 Housing and 58_1 Taxation . The bill would consolidate the tax credit provisions into 58_1_435 and provide a cross_reference to the tax credit in 36_55_63 . SB 1054 CH_78_Low_income housing credit consolidation of Code sections . 58_1_439_7 amended . Extends the sunset for the income tax credit for purchase of machinery and equipment for processing recyclable materials from January 1 2007 to January 1 2015 . 	0
21350119001366	The stands on the grounds of the in the circle at First Street S_W and Maryland Avenue It is a to President elected in 1880 and assassinated in 1881 after serving only four months of his term by a disgruntled office_seeker named . 	At the end of the legislative week usually on Friday the Digest contains a section outlining the Congressional Program Ahead with details of upcoming floor and committee schedules . It lists times of meetings of both houses measures reported considered or signed into law measures scheduled for action during the next meeting and the announcements of upcoming committee meetings . Its pages are numbered separately and are preceded by the letter . At the beginning of each month the provides a cumulative statistical summary of congressional activity for the year_Congressional RecordD Résumé of Congressional Activity . Many of the books listed on senate_gov can be found at your local public library or a government depository library or can be purchased on the Web or from a bookstore_ will help you get started . This guide . Follow this guide on how to contact your Senators by phone postal mail or on the Web . 	0
21360017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . 	0
21370119001773	For the James A_ Garfield Memorial in Cleveland Ohio see . Lake View Cemetery . Garfield Monument . The stands on the grounds of the in the circle at First Street S_W and Maryland Avenue It is a to President elected in 1880 and assassinated in 1881 after serving only four months of his term by a disgruntled office_seeker named . 	Accounts of the event created after the event occurred by firsthand observers and participants . Accounts of the event created after the event occurred by people who did not participate or witness the event but who used interviews or evidence from the time of the event . Top of Page . Bias Rule . The historians second rule is the . It says that every source is biased in some way . Documents tell us only what the creator of the document thought happened or perhaps only what the creator wants us to think happened . As a result historians follow these bias rule guidelines when they review evidence from the past bias rule . Every piece of evidence and every source must be read or viewed skeptically and critically . No piece of evidence should be taken at face value . The creator is point of view must be considered . Each piece of evidence and source must be cross_checked and compared with related sources and pieces of evidence . Questions for Analyzing Primary Sources . The following questions may help you judge the quality of primary sources . 	0
21380010800257	While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . Similarly the marked increase in the number of women in the workforce mirrors the large_scale increase in those of minority or immigrant backgrounds . Women however are not a cultural group but rather represent one_half of every culture . While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . Any comprehensive discussion of diversity in the U_S_ workforce however should include reference to those with different physical abilities and to women . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . 	0
21390119001773	The stands on the grounds of the in the circle at First Street S_W and Maryland Avenue It is a to President elected in 1880 and assassinated in 1881 after serving only four months of his term by a disgruntled office_seeker named . 	Was the document prepared for the public . Some primary sources may be judged more reliable than others but every source is biased in some way . As a result historians read sources skeptically and critically . They also cross_check sources against other evidence and sources . Historians follow a few basic rules to help them analyze primary sources . Read these rules below . Then read the questions for analyzing primary sources . Use these rules and questions as you analyze primary source documents yourself . Time and Place Rule . 	0
21400017300189	Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	Some questions to ask yourself What characteristics do you want in a dog . What sort of exercise do I want to do with the dog . Walking . Jogging . Hiking . Do I want a dog that is bouncy and ready to go or more relaxed . Am I prepared for a dog with some protective tendencies . 	0
21410028302970	To improve the ARM architecture for and multimedia applications a few new instructions were added to the set . 	The data to be processed may represent many types of information including numbers text pictures or sound_computer data program . Computers can be extremely versatile . In fact they are information processing machines . According to the a computer with a certain minimum threshold capability is in principle capable of performing the tasks of other computer from those of a to a . 	0
21420017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . 	The Police Notebook the Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma . A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . 	0
21430010800257	Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . Underscoring the inclusive nature of the term all people by definition belong to some group allows the organization to include people in ways that best refer to their needs . 	School leaders often operate on the faulty assumption that their values beliefs and actions are the norm for everyone exist beyond any cultural constraints or are culturally neutral . They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . 	0
21440017300189	In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	It costs 99 cents a minute but most queries take just two minutes or so . Use OFA is web site to confirm the certificate . Go to and enter the dog is OFA number or AKC number to verify_ http___www_offa_org . Use CERF is web site to confirm the CERF is being current . Go to to verify_ http___www_vet_purdue_edu_80__yshen_cerf_html . Get references of previous clients and call them up and ask them how they liked their dog . 	0
21450174200884	My only problem was no floor assistance and most of the wine bottles were standing up . I guess the name warehouse fits its image . A few blocks away on Central Avenue we stopped for lunch at Gervasis which had just reopened after a change in ownership . 	Scott Evans director of sales and marketing at Ritz_Carlton said the hotel had about 70 reservations for the first night but with a car company group coming in and Valentine is Day on Friday it would be filled for the weekend . Room rates which include use of the spa and fitness center are about 250 a night slightly more for rooms on the Pontevecchio bridge and going up to 5 000 for two 2 400_square_foot presidential suites . 	0
21460041000658	Timur died in 1793 and was finally succeeded by his son . Delhi 20 Maruf Timur Shah Durrani Zaman Shah Durrani . European influence and the creation of the state of Afghanistan . 	Similarly British forces failed to mass operationally settling for tactical successes . Instead of facing Ayub in Kandahar and shifting forces from Kabul which was at that time secure under its new ally Amir Abdurrahman they split their forces between Helmand Kandahar and Kalat . When the British finally massed operationally by moving General Roberts division from Kabul to Kandahar on 2 September they defeated Ayub . 	0
21470174200884	A short distance north and we came to Crabtree Kittle House in the town of Chappaqua a favorite of local residents Bill Hillary Clinton . 	Rates are discounted to 169 during the week and 189 on weekends for local residents . Valentine is Day is historically the busiest day for Ritz_Carlton Evans said . The hotel offers a 95 000 Valentine is Day package that includes three nights in the presidential suite with a private butler and chef unlimited golf and spa privileges limousine service and two Bulgari watches . 	0
21480174201455	A short distance north and we came to Crabtree Kittle House in the town of Chappaqua a favorite of local residents Bill Hillary Clinton . 	At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . All teas are served with four kinds of tea sandwiches an assortment of desserts and freshly baked scones with mascarpone cream lemon curd jams and marmalades . 	0
21490140702384	It is the result of research that helps determine the methods to best conserve our wildlife and habitat . Few places offer the diversity of landscapes plants and animals as found in Arizona . 	The twenty_nine year old Meriwether Lewis began preparing for the expedition as soon as it was approved by Congress . Jefferson sent him to study with experts in the sciences map_making and medicine . Lewis studied intensively for six months while also ordering supplies for an expedition which soon began to grow in the number of men and the amount of supplies . 	0
21500097700181	Before this tornado Sauk Rapids was considered one of the most important towns in Minnesota and a business center of central Minnesota . 	The storm struck as Regina residents prepared for Dominion Day now Canada Day celebrations . This Sunday was oppressively hot and humid  Regina was in the midst of a heat wave  prior to the storm is rampage . 	0
21510017300189	So is at least one out of every four pets brought to animal shelters around the country . There are just too many dogs and cats mixed breed and purebred_Fact . I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . 	If you pick some characteristic and look in a particular population to see how many individuals have different levels of that characteristic you will find that when you graph the results they look like this more or less . no score . For example let is say that you want to plot the aggressiveness of various breeds . First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . 	0
21520079902118	Glycemic indices add too much confusion for some people but others find them immensely helpful . If you desire more information about them or about specific foods try the website . It also contains links that may be helpful in your search for diabetes information_ http___www_anndeweesallen_com_ . Caloric Intake . The Debate about Larger Women . Currently there is a big debate as to how many calories are appropriate especially for larger women . Should we consume fewer calories simply because of our pre_pregnancy size . 	This includes symposia a series of presentations workshops learning sessions and discussions . The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . 	0
21530140702384	Wildlife and Conservation are both integral parts of Arizona is natural heritage . edit Watchable Wildlife . 	Lewis set out overland in search of Sacagawea is people with the two interpreters Dr_uillard and Charbonneau along with Sergeant Gass who was too lame to work the canoes but well enough to walk . 	0
21540154901044	Weight loss refers to the loss of total body mass in an effort to improve fitness health and or appearance . 	Coffee shop or other non_Medifast types of lattes are not recommended on the 5 1 Plan because theyre made with about 1 2 cup of milk and milk adds too many additional carbohydrates to your diet during the weight loss phase . 	0
21550017300189	Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . 	The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . Many breeders will want to know what you plan to do about reproduction . Many will require that a pet quality puppy be neutered and withhold registry papers until receipt of proof of neutering thus making any puppies from that dog unregisterable . If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . A responsible breeder will not be offended by such a step . 	0
21560017302438	Professional animal breeders who follow generations of bloodlines can not guarantee they will get just what they want out of a particular litter . A pet owner is chances are even slimmer . In fact an entire litter of puppies or kittens might receive all of a pet is and her mate is worst characteristics_Fact . It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . 	A brief outline will precede the actual decision making process . Less Stress will try to publish a new EMS scenario every month as an invitation to check in with us occasionally . Please be patient they look simple but they are a lot of work . a free public service . We hope to provide you with all the information you need to learn the basics The lymenet_org site has expert advice about prevention of tick bites plus management and recovery from Lyme disease . 	0
21570017300189	I want my dog to be protective_Myth . Spaying or neutering does not affect a dog is natural instinct to protect home and family . 	However sometimes this is a lengthy process that you will have to work through especially if it is cross_species . In general this will work . Put the dog in its own room where the original pet can smell it but not see it . After a day or so of this remove the dog from the room and let the original pet smell and explore the room thoroughly . 	0
21580174200884	The one problem I found was that there is no direct way bridge to get to all the lakes . That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . 	Ritz_Carlton at Lake Las Vegas is the chain is first hotel in Nevada . I have been in some nice places and I have never seen the kind of reaction from people when they come here said Evans a 9_year Ritz_Carlton employee . Part of it is the shock . You can not believe you are in Las Vegas . And part of it is the beauty . To see more of the Las Vegas Review_Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper go to http___www_lvrj_com . 	0
21590163201374	While mystery shopping actually does exist it requires hard work is paid close to minimum wage and most importantly does not require an up_front fee to join . Mystery Shopping . The typical victim of a work_at_home scheme may be . A employee of a legitimate job seeking an exit to his her stressful lifestyle burned out . An person seeking high_paying easy work unemployed . An uneducated person with few or no skills looking for a job with a good salary . An employed person wanting to make extra money to supplement his her regular income . disabled persons stay_at_home parents and others who cannot easily leave home in order to make a living . Senior citizens . Those with busy schedules full of unpaid activities who wish to earn money in their spare time . Those with long or tiresome commutes looking to remain at home and eliminate their travel to work . Someone who does not take the time to carefully investigate the industry job and company . 	Between Moms Work At Home Parents Online Kids And Biz Mom Fundraiser Options Find Party Plan Reps Home Party Plan Network cool yahoo widget downloads corporate antivirus software pricing download leisure suit larry warez download wilson phillips hotel california free whenever wherever shakira download tree planting programs connecticut free download reboot for dell download missing sfdvoeua dll files tv programs 9 3 2007 army lodging sucess program motorola v220 intallsion program download gtmp3_400 downloads nexxtex driver downloads narita hentai movie download architue apprenticship programs in washington dc papa roach forever free mp3 downloads shakti kapoor cam download create your own program pete bemko price jpmc action software picture frame designer software hbr oct 2007 download download free video of sylvia saint cracking gateway propritary software sim skin downloads decripting software cracks and serials downloads abdominal strep virus speak first program box plot software download mp3 doctor free motorola v220 intallsion program download weight watchers programs falcor thge urinator song download pilladio download cultural programs about slavery dynatek curvemaker software for mac training in program evaluation for education wv student page program halle berry sex downloads social software on swik net capcopm vs snk 2 characters download free xbox 360 games downloads trial zinio freshmen gay download free olympic email virus am_56ki_nd driver download software build procedures sims houses downloads free software roxio cd 5 girls rubbing boobs download video stream recording software solaris 9 iso download download paintshop pro full version free download installer foxpro ayat kursii omantel antivirus email dod antivirus free song download eminem verizon telephone programs for downloading data 2bmining downloads glepro geothermal software britney songs mp3 download fresh software my space backrounds downloads free download drace is execution video furni scripter download for habbo hotel Buy Bentley Staad Foundation 4_0 Download Now . 	0
21600179400753	He then dreams about Rains reuniting with her daughter and praising Wynn as a superhero_ modified . Immediately afterwards Wynn is placed back into the cube with other lab rats and appears to be mentally handicapped . In the last scene Wynn is shown to act out a scene from in role possibly indicating that Kazan was also once a technician or that Kazan is really Wynn . The basis for that assumption is that Wynn is right hand constantly twitches and in the original Kazan has the exact same twitch and the various implants and procedures or effects thereof performed on him before his placement in the cube may be altering his perception of reality . This could also explain Kazan is uncanny ability to perform very large mathematical calculations mentally although this may also be to a possible conclusion that Kazan is an . Cube Kazan is Cube autistic savant edit Traps . The traps in are more similar to the mechanical plausible traps in the original rather than the more traps from . Some traps from the original also make return appearances_Cube ZeroCube sci_fi HypercubeCube . 	Favourite Song . Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . Post N27564 . Places to Visit . Gammelstaden Meythet Hartzviller Livry_Gargan . Post N25995 . Best Film . MHYTHOS N DJ COSMO Hymn Airscape Remix Beyond The Horizon Iridescenze . Post N33490 . My Projects aoselectronics_com geekmeup_com kerrydairy_com . Post N52069 . My Friends . Linddstrom Abbi Martinezolmo Gracie Falcheck Harkirat . Post N76204 . Favourite Song . Same Old Scene Stay With Me Maggie May Reich so reich . Post N29668 . Top Site passionhunt_com mobillcash_com inglesideisd_org . Post N15652 . Places to Visit Les Hauts_Geneveys Tirent_Pont jac bdnn . Post N31043 . Best Film . Lookin For The Promised Land Midnight Bird Songs Transformation . Post N86435 . My Projects lahoo_blogs_friendster_com anurag_acespace_co_uk bila_bd_com . Post N53353 . My Friends . Mitzloff Josh Bunkles Bhadraksh Laschel Liesl . Post N32140 . Favourite Song . Love Serenade 1 Oclock Neg . Post N74197 . Top Site gaycockgames_com neverthelessmusic_com dealsandcouponss_net soduko_online_com . Post N61868 . Places to visit Hrastno Birdpur No 2 Cochabamba . 	0
21610163202293	Such violations may be criminal or civil in nature . In other cases they will not be committing any criminal acts but they will end up framed in an investigation for the crimes of the perpetrator_Trouble with law Victims will often invest huge amounts of time with no pay in return . This is time that can be spent earning money at a legitimate job_Wasted time edit Combating work_at_home schemes . 	If you have spent money and time on a work_at_home program and now believe the program may not be legitimate contact the company and ask for a refund . Let company representatives know that you plan to notify officials about your experience . 	0
21620010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . 	Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . With the exception of adaptation none of these responses is conducive to maximizing the human wellbeing and academic success of students . 	0
21630017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	As with breeders look for people more concerned with the welfare of the puppies people out for a fast buck will not likely have seen to the health of the puppies . If you are looking for a purebred forget these breeders and find a responsible breeder instead . It will save you time and money and heartache . If you do not care about having a purebred you will do better at the animal shelter . Any breeder that has in mind one single goal and breeds only for that must be considered irresponsible . Many backyard breeders goal money fall into this category but so do professional breeders such as . The key word is ONLY . 	0
21640010800257	Women however are not a cultural group but rather represent one_half of every culture . While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	The population tends to be separated along economic lines so that members of the middle upper and lower social classes within and across ethnic groups do not interact with one another on substantive or egalitarian levels . The divisions between these groups are increasing instead of diminishing . Separation along racial and economic lines is pronounced in the United States even in regions that appear to have racially mixed residential areas . 	0
21650017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	If you find a breeder you like do not be surprised if you are placed on a waiting list for a puppy . The wait will be worth it . Approach getting a puppy as if you were adopting a child . Expect a lot of questions and ASK a lot of questions . A responsible breeder is also looking for a responsible owner . Selecting the puppy . 	0
21660079902118	The point is that baby size and birth trauma is a much more complicated issue than gd researchers make it out to be and while of it is certainly a problem and preventable not all of it may be the burning issue that must be treated at cost_cansomeany . 	The postgraduate courses are also offered each year where advances in the management of diabetes will be discussed during general sessions or in interactive workshops . If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . Members can earn continuing education in diabetes credits online through a convenient and cost_effective method . 	0
21670017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . There are heartbreaking stories from people who made an impulsive decision in the pound and lived to regret it . 	0
21680017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	It will make students aware of how to deal with emergency situations and what products to use . This site has a great outline of articles concerning different first aid issues . This first aid resource page is aimed at helping kids learn to treat injuries and react to emergencies . What to do when lost in the wilderness and a few ideas of what not to do . 	0
21690163202293	That is just not the way it works says Kate . 2 edit Consequences . The consequences of falling for a work_at_home scheme may be as follows 3 It may be only the initial fee to join say 10 20 or even 30 or more for example . 	Let company representatives know that you plan to notify officials about your experience . If you can not resolve the dispute with the company file a complaint with these organizations . The Federal Trade Commission works for the consumer to prevent fraud and deception . Call 1_877_FTC_HELP 1_877_382_4357 or log on to _ www_ftc_gov . The Attorney General is office in your state or the state where the company is located . 	0
21700017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . Does it approach you in a friendly manner . Talk with the people caring for the animals for any information on a particular animal they can give you . If you plan to show your dog or desire a healthy pet_quality purebred find a responsible breeder . Do not use newspaper advertisements . 	0
21710010800257	In Canada as a result it becomes difficult to think in terms of a dominant traditional culture for the nation as a whole and the importance of diversity in business settings becomes readily apparent . Thus in an international perspective managers must assess diversity differently depending on which nation or nations in which they find themselves . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . Such differences over means coupled with widespread agreement on substance are naturally found in discussions of multicultural education . But this diversity should not be a problem especially when we consider that multicultural education is all about plurality . The field includes educational scholars researchers and practitioners from a wide variety of personal professional philosophical political and pedagogical backgrounds . 	0
21720017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	Do you have the financial resources for this?How much money can you set aside for it . If your time is limited you should look for smaller or less active dogs that can obtain enough exercise in your home or from short walks . Note that not all small dogs are less active or larger dogs more active research your breeds!How much exercise can you give it . Regardless of the dog you get training will make your dog much more compatible with you and what you want to do . A trained dog can go to more places with you without disruption and can be more easily a part of your life_How much training can you do . 	0
21730010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	Deeply ingrained cultural socialization becomes problematic in education when the schooling process operates on one cultural model to the exclusion of all others or when culturally different children are expected to set aside all their cultural habits as a condition for succeeding in school . Such a demand is not only unreasonable but is impossible to achieve . Attempts to comply with it may lead to cultural adaptation marginality alienation and isolation . 	0
21740017300189	Irresponsible breeding contributes to the problem of dog bites and attacks . Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . 	Breed clubs often run a rescue program try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . There also exist all_breed and mixed_breed rescue groups this is another source besides the shelter to obtain a dog . You should try to spend some time with each dog you consider adopting as recommended and described for shelter dogs . Talk to the people who are fostering the prospective dog for a better idea of the particular dog is temperament . 	0
21750163202968	Its address phone number and website appear to be centered around recruitment of employees not customers . 	Hostess benefits are paid for by Home Garden Party . Shipping is FREE . Be your own boss . Choose your own level of commitment Part_Time Career . Opportunities are available for Home Party and or Fundraising Representatives . Be in business for yourself but not by yourself . You can count on receiving all the support you will need . 	0
21760017300189	The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	The significance you attribute to the results depends on the shape and position of the curves but in most cases there will be substantial variation within groups and at least some overlap between groups . This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . 	0
21770017300189	It is too expensive to have my pet spayed or neutered_Myth . The cost of spaying or neutering depends on the sex size and age of the pet your veterinarian is fees and a number of other variables . 	The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . 	0
21780006201095	The brings up a context menu similar to right_clicking_ menu key are the numbered keys use varies by program but F1 is often help . Function keys move on the screen . When shifted they select items . Arrow keys moves to the start of text usually the left side of the screen . Home moves to the end of text usually the right_most edge of the current line . End move through the document by pages . PgUp and PgDn deletes the character after the screen position or the selected items . Delete toggles between insertion and overwrite mode . 	This will set your start and end points and the YDP223 will now only play that segment and repeat it as many times you want . The Yamaha YDP223 gives you the ability to tweak your sounds . The REVERB button allows you to adjust the type of reverberation by selecting from a hall room or stage it gives you the feeling of playing the piano in one of these environments . 	0
21790017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Stereotypes or more simply types can be but are not necessarily evil it depends on how you use them . There will be some value that occurs most frequently the mode in the case of a perfectly symmetric curve like the one above this value will also be the average mean . Symmetric curves like this occur surprisingly frequently so I will continue to use it as an example . 	0
21800083102546	Archytas also wrote some lost works as he was included by in the list of the twelve authors of works of mechanics . 	Therefore embracing more stringently that method of the Hindus and taking stricter pains in its study while adding certain things from my own understanding and inserting also certain things from the niceties of Euclid is geometric art I have striven to compose this book in its entirety as understandably as I could . 	0
21810106000694	It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . 	We welcome Seashell Villas to our pages it promises to be quite popular with the most discerning of our steady Rincon visitors . Luxury Accommodations at Maria is Beach?Yes . Surf the best breaks in Rincon and walk from the shore to the luxurious Maria is Beach Villas . We have been there and can only say that Maria is Beach Villas sets a new standard for high_end lodging in Rincon . 	0
21820154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . 	For best results use your Medifast Meals as soon as possible and store them in a cool dry clean environment . Can Medifast Meals be consumed after the best_if_used_by date . Use water for all Medifast Meals that require mixing . For specific information refer to our complete list of PDF File . Can you provide mixing instructions for each Medifast Meal . 	0
21830079902118	Their response to each food was tested and then averaged and a number from 1_100 or in some cases higher was assigned . This is a and its purpose is to show how certain foods cause an average group of people to react . A food that has a very high number attached to it can be expected to be a trigger food for many people causing their bG to have a sudden fast rise or to spike out_of_proportion to the amount of food eaten . 	This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . The ADA also sponsors regular scientific sessions and advanced postgraduate courses . 	0
21840017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	The significance you attribute to the results depends on the shape and position of the curves but in most cases there will be substantial variation within groups and at least some overlap between groups . This is not a True False situation it is an infinitely_graded situation . 	0
21850073600019	 Wedding Ideas made possible with One Stop Wedding Planner . We will help the wedding ideas flow freely by keeping all the details of your wedding organized and in one place . Tame the wild wedding budget and all other aspects of your big day so you can explore the best and brightest wedding ideas . 	Local Wedding Resources . Find wedding venues vendors and more . Perfect Wedding Guide_com is a comprehensive wedding site offering the best in wedding professionals tips ideas and advice to assist you in planning the most important day of your life_ local wedding planning resources . Find other local wedding resources . Loading markets . Welcome to PerfectWeddingGuide_com a comprehensive online wedding guide for brides and wedding planners . 	0
21860017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Try contacting the local breed club for the breed you are interested in . It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . 	0
21870017300189	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . 	The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . Try to put their plight out of your mind for the moment it would be nice to save them all but you can not . Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . 	0
21880017302438	Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . Some stray animals also scare away or kill birds and wildlife . Spay or neuter surgery carries a one_time cost that is relatively small when one considers its benefits . It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . 	The combat lifesaver may also assist the combat medic in providing care and preparing casualties for evacuation when the combat lifesaver has no combat duties to perform . Normally one member of each squad team crew or equivalent_sized unit will be trained as a combat lifesaver . When you have casualties on the battlefield you must determine the sequence in which the casualties are to be treated and how to treat their injuries . 	0
21890017300189	Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . These puppies frequently catch up several months later and it is not uncommon for such a pup to turn out to be the largest one in the litter . Puppies that are runts due to health problems should be avoided . 	0
21900179402208	It is revealed that rooms can be trap rooms . In one sequence Wynn and Rains are in a room and Jax activates traps in all surrounding rooms so they cannot escape . He then begins to activate the trap in the room they are in but is stopped_all . The question of what happens to the remains of the Cube is victims is also answered in Cube Zero . 	Water molecules like to stick to one another like small magnets . This is called cohesion . Water molecules also can be attracted to other substances such as metal or dirt especially if they have some static charge on them . This is called adhesion . Lastly some substances are not at all attracted to water and even repel it . These include oils fats and waxes all of which are called non_polar substances . 	0
21910163202293	Though there may be legitimate jobs in existence in which employees are paid to perform the particular task in question even possibly from home in reality they would be paid a wage that is fair for that type of work and level of education not the 40 per hour or 3000 per week that is typically offered in a work_at_home scheme . 	Because only a small percentage of claims are transmitted electronically the market for billing centers is wide open . The promoter also may tell you that many doctors who process claims electronically want to outsource or contract out their billing services to save money . 	0
21920017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The adoption fee usually is less than the cost of a purebred from other sources . Backyard breeder is a nebulous ill_defined term often applied to people who have unplanned litters or who breed for profit as sort of a cottage industry . 	0
21930010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . Any comprehensive discussion of diversity in the U_S_ workforce however should include reference to those with different physical abilities and to women . 	They assume that their notions of what is desirable knowledge and how it can best be taught and learned are governed entirely by general principles of good pedagogy which has nothing to do with any specific culture . This belief is far from the truth . 	0
21940017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	It is best to get to know several breeders before they actually have litters you would like to get puppies from . This gives you a chance to learn more about the breed learn more about the philosophies and intents of the breeders you know and learn more about the prospective parents of your pup . 	0
21950174200884	The Metro Washington DC area has over 5 million residents and some 21 million visitors a year . Loudoun County is located about five hours from New York City . It is also known as DCs Wine Country and is in the heart of the hunt and horse country . 	This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . 	0
21960163202293	One of the top three job boards features 1 250 postings for a company that advises in all capital letters Undress4Success The Naked Truth About Working From Home . 	The only way you will earn money is if people respond to your work_at_home ad . Assembly or craft work . These programs often require you to invest hundreds of dollars in equipment or supplies . Or they require you to spend many hours producing goods for a company that has promised to buy them . For example you might have to buy a sewing or sign_making machine from the company or materials to make items like aprons baby shoes or plastic signs . 	0
21970174200884	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . 	Brandee Dallow of New York was the first to check into the hotel at 6 a_m her first stay at a Ritz . She is there on business setting up for the Diamond Information Center exhibit that starts Friday the hotel is grand opening date . 	0
21980174202922	Also in town is the Katonah Museum of Art a small museum dedicated to the visual arts . There is an acclaimed Childrens Learning Center and outdoor sculpture garden . 	The pieces at my serving were worthy of a display in the museum of food art and were a perfect and relatively light cap to some of the heavier brunch items I worked my way through . Outstanding service is a hallmark of the Ritz_Carlton chain and Medici fits perfectly into that corporate mindset . 	0
21990114000470	Orange County Regional History Center . Established . Orange County Regional History Center . The is located at 65 East Central Boulevard in downtown Orlando in the historic . The five_story museum consists of exhibits presenting local and regional history starting from 12 000 years ago . 	New age specialty and on_line retailers herbalists healing arts and natural food stores gift stores mainstream and religious book stores mail order catalog houses spas and spa gift shops wholesalers distributors and chain stores General Public . Exhibitor is Profile . Profile for exhibit includes Aromatherapy Audio Video Tapes and CDs Books Candles Crystals Decorative Accessories Feng Shui Gems Jewelry Health and Wellness Herbal and Homeopathic Remedies Incense Native Traditions Personal Care Products Tarots and Divination Tools . 	0
22000017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . 	Never get one as a surprise gift . All members of your family must agree on having a dog . Have food water and food dishes bedding collars and leashes chew toys and a veterinarian lined up before you pick up your dog . Many Christmas puppies are found in the shelters by New Year is Day_You are responsible for being prepared for the new dog . Milani Myrna M_ DVM Signet Penguin Books USA Inc 1985 . ISBN 0_451_15731_1 paperback . The Weekend Dog . This book outlines practical solutions for working people with dogs . 	0
22010079902118	The problem is that there is no sure way to predict who will gain too much weight and who will not . Routine limitation of caloric intake in all obese women could cause problems for the many larger women who do not usually gain much weight in pregnancy . 	The quest for the most effective treatment and management of diabetes remains at the forefront of numerous medical research and studies . Through continuing education professionals hope to one day extend the knowledge about diabetes not only to professionals and patients but also to other members of the community in order to someday come up with a more integrated and comprehensive approach to diabetes treatment and eventually its cure . 	0
22020128502768	Native American economies were profoundly altered by the arrival of Europeans and the resulting arrival of disease influx of European goods business relations with the Europeans regarding the acquisition of firearms engagement in wars loss of land and confinement to reservations . Native Americans economy of the Iroquois hunting and gathering fur trade 1 . 	The basic premise of the Purpose Dr_ven paradigm is for a pastor to recognize and be obedient to God s for his people and his and organize around developing these characteristics into the lives of people within his care . In Christian terms this is the task of . An additional focus is how to be most effective in reaching out to share God s love and in the local community and with non_believers who visit the church . In Christian terms this is the task of . 	0
22030114001206	The five_story museum consists of exhibits presenting local and regional history starting from 12 000 years ago . The Orange County Regional History Center also serves as the headquarters for the . 	At Weftec the following water waste and environmental products will fall under the spotlight . Actuators Biological systems Environmental monitoring Filters Groundwater boreholes Industrial effluent treatment Information systems Irrigation Laboratory equipment services Leak detection Pipes pumps fittings Pollution control Sewage plant suppliers designers Sewage systems Water supply companies Water treatment systems Water waste water treatment . 	0
22040139402372	They may be incompatible with active hot water recirculation systems and will certainly use more energy to constantly heat water within the piping defeating one of a tankless water heater is primary advantages_Recirculation systems convection . 	› › Frontpage Waste Management Information on Waste Management › Environmental Issues . Print . Environmental Issues . Potential environmental problems caused by waste treatment include for example leachate water the formation of methane and odour and the littering of the near surroundings . 	0
22050133302696	However the type is sales prospects were hit by the offloading of 500 wartime C_54s and R5Ds onto the civil market . 	The Howard Hughes Medical Institute sold Hughes Aircraft in 1985 to General Motors for US 5_2 . In 1997 General Motors sold Hughes Aircraft to Raytheon and in 2000 sold Hughes Space Communications to Boeing . A combine of Boeing GM and Raytheon acquired the . 	0
22060181602057	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . 	Senate Bill 22 SB 22 effective May 17 2000doubles the minimum jail time for drunk drivers with a 0_17 BAC level . A first time offenders minimum jail stay jumps from three to six dayswith jail time being longer for subsequent offenses . The bill also places a maximum of 30 months on prison terms for convicted drivers . 	0
22070010800257	Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . 	One of the primary and persistent reasons for the movement to include cultural pluralism in school programs is to correct what advocates call sins of omission and commission . First we must provide students with information about the history and contributions of ethnic groups who traditionally have been excluded from instructional materials and curricula and second we must replace the distorted and biased images of those groups that were included in the curricula with more accurate and significant information . 	0
22080010801758	Of course Britain and Thailand have considerable cultural heterogeneity as well . Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . Moreover the United Kingdom itself is the combination of four separate countries each with their own cultural group the English the Welsh the Scots and the Irish . 	For me BASF represents more than just a chance but the realization of my fathers dream . The opportunity to learn another language and to see the world was beyond my fathers imagination . Ive been to and seen places he will continue to dream about only in his next life . And what a great feeling it is for a father to watch his daughter live a life that was once just a speck of hope in his mind . My being here today has been a combination of hard work luck and having met the right people at the right time in BASF who saw something in me and let me fly . 	0
22090010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . 	The relative physical isolation of ethnic groups in the United States means that individuals in these groups are much more likely to engage in qualitative interactions with people who are like themselves than with people from different ethnic groups . Interactions with people who are different are transitory and perfunctory . The absence of close and significant interactions across ethnic social and cultural lines may reinforce stereotypes and cause individuals to be suspicious and distrustful even fearful of those who are different . 	0
22100017302438	Estrus lasts an average of six to 12 days often twice a year in dogs and an average of six to seven days three or more times a year in cats . Females in heat can cry incessantly show nervous behavior and attract unwanted male animals . Unsterilized animals often exhibit more behavior and temperament problems than do those who have been spayed or neutered . 	As a Medical NCO it is extremely important that you are aware of the prevention and treatments for the numerous diseases which you will encounter . With the awareness of those diseases their general characteristics modes of transmission and clinical findings you may be alert for either treatment or prevention . Huge medical bulletin is unfortunately presented in an optical scan format but is an important document for those anticipating activities above 8 000 feet in altitude . 	0
22110070600363	The purpose for which the premises are used . Generally items remain personal property if they can be removed without damage to the real estate or to the item itself . Machinery bolted to the floor to prevent movement while in operation would remain personal property . If the machinery were built into the building in such a manner that its removal would produce considerable damage to the building it would be part of the real estate . All individuals and business entities who own lease or have a beneficial interest in taxable tangible property located within Kentucky on must file a tangible property tax return . All tangible property is taxable except the following January 1 . 	These taxes provide a major source of revenue to the city of Roanoke for operation and administration of city government payment of city debts operation of public schools libraries and other general municipal services . The City Treasurer is responsible for collection of these taxes during the year they are assessed . After the year of assessment the City Treasurer remains the banker for processing payments for these taxes but the responsibility of collecting these taxes becomes that of Billings and Collections . Real Estate taxes are collected on a fiscal year basis and become the responsibility of Billings and Collections on July 1 of the year following their assessment . 	0
22120181600822	In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . Some states issue a new plate whenever the car is sold . The various states have different schemes for reissuing license plates a process known as replating . In some jurisdictions plates are issued on a permanent basis and are not replaced unless the owner requests a new plate or that his or her existing plate be remade . These jurisdictions include California Delaware Massachusetts Oklahoma and Oregon . 	Provides a sales tax exemption for purchases of certain Energy Star qualified products with a sales price of 2 500 or less made during a four_day period each year in mid_October . The bill also authorizes dealers to absorb the sales and use tax on all other items sold during the same time period and thereby relieve the purchasers of the obligation to pay such tax . Dealers who absorb such taxes are liable for payment of the same to the Tax Commissioner . The sales tax holiday would expire in July of 2012 . 	0
22130070602419	File the return with the PVA in the county of taxable situs or with the Division of State Valuation . There is no extension for this return . The Sheriff in each county mails the tax bills . Returns filed after are considered omitted and will be billed by the Division of State Valuation_Do not send payments with your return_May 15 . 	With thousands of taxing jurisdictions in 40 states multiple mileage rates varying tax bases assessment date and rendition deadlines personal property tax compliance can be a burdensome task with little return . Let SMART is Personal Property Tax Compliance experts ensure the timely and accurate filing you require . Your company will benefit from the experience and knowledge of our tax experts and the solid relationships we have built with taxing authorities throughout the nation . Whether you are in manufacturing retail services high technology software or any other business SMART can help relieve the administrative and financial burdens of your personal property tax compliance . 	0
22140010800257	Cultural diversity deals with how to manage those varying cultural norms within a single nation . Cultural diversity as an issue in the workplace may deal with any differences among people who work together . A broad definition of diversity can have a positive or negative effect on how an organization approaches the issue . 	A person is humanity cannot be isolated or divorced from his or her culture or ethnicity . One cannot be human without culture and ethnicity and one cannot have culture and ethnicity without being human . As Lisa Delpit states If one does not see color one does not really see children Delpit 1992 . Therefore to acknowledge and respect one another to be fully human requires mutual understanding and appreciation based on cultural understanding Gay 1991 Spindler 1987 . The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
22150181601326	Yet other jurisdictions may recall a particular series of plates for reissuance at regular or irregular intervals . This is particularly common in jurisdictions in which only one license plate series or design is valid at any given time . Optional_issue plates may or may not follow the same rules for replacement as standard_issue plates depending on the jurisdiction . 	Along with the annual taxes the City Lic_nse Fee can be paid by personal check or money order and returned to the City Treasurer by first class mail . From your home it can be by credit card or E_check . Or it can be paid in person at any one of the four . Personal Property paid online Treasurer is Office locations . What will happen if I do not pay my City Lic_nse Fee on time . 	0
22160181600822	Yet other jurisdictions may recall a particular series of plates for reissuance at regular or irregular intervals . This is particularly common in jurisdictions in which only one license plate series or design is valid at any given time . Optional_issue plates may or may not follow the same rules for replacement as standard_issue plates depending on the jurisdiction . 	948_Real estate tax limitation on tax rate . 58_1_3330 amended . Provides that a notice of the change in the assessment of real estate does not have to include certain information for changes due to construction of or additions to improvements on real estate . HB 3093 CH . 344_Real property tax change in assessment notice . 58_1_3330 amended . 	0
22170010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . Any comprehensive discussion of diversity in the U_S_ workforce however should include reference to those with different physical abilities and to women . 	The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . Some secondary elements of culture can be modified over time and with experience but the core features continue to be the mainstay of a person is sense of being and identity throughout life . 	0
22180017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	The medical soldier caring for patients provides a valuable service to his comrades . He must meet high standards with integrity dignity calm thinking and careful study . The purpose of this subcourse is to provide you with a working knowledge of the procedures discussed herein however you must receive guidance and hands_on supervision to become proficient at the procedures described . 	0
22190017302438	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . You will need to know medical terms in order to read a medical record to complete forms to decipher a physician is handwriting and to communicate with others in the hospital in a professional manner . At first the medical terms may seem strange and bewildering to you and appear to be extremely difficult to learn . 	0
22200017300189	But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	One puppy may come right up to you and investigate . Of course it is cute all puppies are . You may think this puppy has chosen you . Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . 	0
22210106000694	Makaira Fishing Chartersis based in the town of Rincon . We invite you to join us for a day of deep sea fishing aboard our 31 Contender . We offer full day and 1 2 day charters as well as tournament charters . 	A rooftop terrace offers scenic views of Rincon is beaches and is the perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine while watching the night sky . The four suites accommodate up to sixteen guests making it perfect for groups traveling together . 	0
22220017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	Talk to the people who are fostering the prospective dog for a better idea of the particular dog is temperament . Ask questions like you would with a breeder expect a good outfit to screen you as well . Expect them to ask for a donation and require that the animal is neutered if it is not already . 	0
22230017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	After a day or so of this remove the dog from the room and let the original pet smell and explore the room thoroughly . Put the dog back in . Depending on the reactions involved let the pets meet under supervision . If there is some hostility separate them while you are gone until you are certain that they get along . It is best if you can arrange a retreat for each animal . Arrange a retreat for a cat by blocking off entrance to a room with a child is gate that the cat can jump over but the dog cannot . Be sure that the original pet gets plenty of attention after the arrival of the new pet . Resentment at loss of attention and change in routine can exacerbate the problems with the two getting along . 	0
22240017302438	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	The Police Notebook the Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma . A fully interactive online first aid course from the BBC . This online course is the easy way to get to grips with first aid . Packed with practical up_to_the_minute advice the course lets you learn at your own pace and will enable you to receive a certificate by successfully completing a training course with a recognized first aid organization . There are four stages to the course Getting Started Essential Skills Home Skills and Certificate . 	0
22250017300189	My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	After a day or so of this remove the dog from the room and let the original pet smell and explore the room thoroughly . Put the dog back in . Depending on the reactions involved let the pets meet under supervision . If there is some hostility separate them while you are gone until you are certain that they get along . It is best if you can arrange a retreat for each animal . 	0
22260106000694	It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . 	Rincon Puerto Rico in Rincon lives up to the Roman opulence of its moniker . Now you can experience the incredible views from the luxurious perch known as Palatine Hill Sugar Hill Luxury Villalocated 300 feet above the brilliant blue waters ofthe Caribbean with an incomparable360_degree panoramic view that will take your breath away . Located in the gated community of Hill Estates is just minutes to beautiful beaches world_class surfing and charming downtown Rincon . 	0
22270106000694	Come experience Rinc from a whole new perspective_Come explore our coastline like few others can while you sip a cocktail stop for a swim or snorkel bask in the sun enjoy lunch or glimpse one of our famous sunsets . Taino Diversis the oldest and best Dive Center in Rincon . It is the only Dive Center that has its own boat in Rincon . Our Dive Masters are the most experienced and have taught most of the other Rincon dive operators . 	The Blue Boy Gets Wet!elegant B B is a short walk from the best beaches in the Caribbean . Located in beautiful Rincon Puerto Rico well_known for surfing diving and spectacular sunsets The Blue Boy Inn offers wonderful Caribbean accommodations with a traditional European_style bed and breakfast service . 	0
22280174201455	That means going up one side and down the other and then on to the next lake . This makes for a longer drive from one to another . The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . The 9 130 acres of vineyards slope down to deep glaciated lakes providing a micro_climate and soils for the production of premium vinifera wine grapes . 	Sleep in and welcome 2009 with la carte breakfast or a breakfast buffet with Bloody Mary station . 25 per adult 10 per child 5_12 . At The Ritz_Carlton Lake Las Vegas the tradition of afternoon tea is alive and well . Guests are offered a large selection including 12 types of Mighty Leaf loose teas as well as six types of flowering teas which make for a beautiful presentation when slowly steeped in hot water . 	0
22290079902118	All About GD Food Plans . It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . 	This is to ensure that courses and activities included in the continuing education program are relevant and duly approved . To encourage quality among its participants these courses can only be credited depending on the extent of the individual is participation in the given activities . 	0
22300139403056	This cold section of water takes some amount of time to reach the faucet and is dependent on the length of piping_Intermittent use . Since a tankless water heater is inactive when hot water is not being used they are incompatible with passive based hot water recirculation systems . 	This is due to standby losses The heat conducted and radiated from the walls of the tank and in gas_fired water heaters through the flue pipe . These standby losses represent 10 to 20 of a households annual water heating costs . 	0
22310108500217	The law also sets standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 	The National Coalition for Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender Health in an effort to address health disparities among the transgender population has compiled An Overview of U_S . Trans Health Priorities . Priorities in PDF . 	0
22320010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . 	Multicultural Social Competence . It is imperative that students learn how to interact with and understand people who are ethnically racially and culturally different from themselves . The United States and the world are becoming increasingly more diverse compact and interdependent . Yet for most students the formative years of their lives are spent in ethnically and culturally isolated or encapsulated enclaves . 	0
22330017300189	The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . 	Many parks beaches and lakes are closed to dogs because of irresponsible owners in this regard_You are responsible for your pet is behavior . Unless your child is old enough at least 13 and highly variable at that she or he will not have the sufficient maturity to take responsibility for the dog . 	0
22340017302438	The simple fact is that spaying and neutering greatly increases the lifespan of your pet and increases quality of life as well . Spaying or Neutering is Good for . Your Pet . Spaying and neutering helps dogs and cats live longer healthier lives . 	It will make students aware of how to deal with emergency situations and what products to use . This site has a great outline of articles concerning different first aid issues . This first aid resource page is aimed at helping kids learn to treat injuries and react to emergencies . What to do when lost in the wilderness and a few ideas of what not to do . Short to_the_point information combined with cute graphics and seriously traumatizing photos . Not for children . 	0
22350079902118	In the interests of comparison and discussion a sample program is listed below . It is about 2100 calories and was given by a real registered dietician in 1997 . 	Where to obtain continuing education in diabetes . The premier source for diabetes continuing education is the ADA or American Diabetes Association at . This organization provides professional education through learning activities and courses that include research about diabetes . It is also accredited by the ACCME_ www_diabetes_org . 	0
22360010800257	The culturally heterogeneous workforce has an obvious advantage in cross_cultural and management . On the domestic level changing demographic patterns allow for new areas of segmented ethnic marketing . 	Analyzing and clarifying ethnic attitudes and values are key steps in the process of unleashing the creative potential of individuals for selfrenewal and of society for continuous growth and development . 	0
22370017300189	It is a bargain compared to the cost of having a litter and ensuring the health of the mother and litter two months of pregnancy and another two months until the litter is weaned can add up to significant veterinary bills and food costs if complications develop . Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . 	Instead you should get to know the dogs on an individual basis . Read the tags on each cage and see whether the dog was a stray or whether its owner turned it in for some reason . There are some beautiful adult dogs in the pound that have been given up reluctantly by ill or elderly or even deceased owners . Do not overlook these . Ask to see the dog in the holding area most shelters have . You will be able to check for signs of hostility see if the dog knows anything and in general how it reacts to you . 	0
22380010800257	Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . The civil rights movement of the 1960s had a direct effect on the assimilationist norm of the melting pot . 	Many of these differences are more semantic than substantive a reflection of the developmental level in the field and the disciplinary orientation of advocates . One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . 	0
22390179400753	He confirms by the smell and taste that it is only water and finds some relief in his tension however when he rubs the back of his palm he realizes that his body is disintegrating . Presumably the liquid contains or fast_acting fat_eating . 	Mini Moni Hinamatsuri Set You Free This Time The Sound of Music Soul Into Hades . Post N44124 . Top Site madagascarminerals_com fryessc_com firstamericanstaffing_com . 	0
22400017302438	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	01 10 06 This is a wiki textbook feel free to edit it update it correct it and otherwise increase its teaching potential . To find out more about wikis see the . This textbook grew out of the First Aid article at Wikipedia . 	0
22410010800257	In today is diverse workforce responsiveness to employee needs will rest on understanding the cultural issues that affect people is beliefs as well as their work performance_absenteeismemployee turnover . 	Failing to understand the cultural style of some AfricanAmericans for example may cause teachers erroneously to conclude that these students have limited critical thinking and reasoning abilities . The reluctance of American Indian children to operate on a tightly controlled time schedule and engage in highly individualistic and competitive activities may be misinterpreted as lack of initiative motivation and responsibility . 	0
22420181602057	When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . 	If a person is stopped and arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol and either fails or refuses a blood alcohol or chemical test the officer seizes the offenders drivers license on the spot serves notice of suspension and sends the offenders drivers license to the Bureau of Motor Vehicles BMV . The time period that the BMV administratively suspends the offenders driving privileges is shown in the _ chart below . 	0
22430150301210	For example the Finnish word means in my house too . Derivation can also be quite complex . For example Finnish has the root logos and consists of negative related to property and means the property of being unsystematic unsystematicalness . The word has lots of stem changes so Finnish is not the best example of an agglutinative language . 	HUX8  d  xXYPY݅ i m  I tried my best to type and introduce myself in Korean but feel free to correct any mistakes I made . I am at xXYP doing an intensive one year Korean language course in preparation for my Masters next year and I came upon your blog while searching for an explanation in the differentiations of the particle markers used in hangul because I have been struggling in understanding the uses of them in my classes . My s have difficulty in explaining them in Korean let alone in English so I have nowhere to turn to . 	0
22440017300189	Estrus lasts an average of six to 12 days often twice a year in dogs and an average of six to seven days three or more times a year in cats . 	If I want a bitch puppy so I can breed her as an adult what kind of if any restrictions will you include in the sales contract . Do you have a litter available . If not when are you planning one? If a litter is not presently available ask if when they are next planning to show their dogs in your area . If you can go this is a golden opportunity to observe the structure and temperament of the dogs they breed . 	0
22450150301210	On the other hand is a longer word and it does not surprise people as it contains no spaces and the latter stands for . 	I m a Filipino It is just i wanna learn korean language too but tis really hard . Can you give me an advice??????????? janeybei . August 20 2008 at 11 41 am hi nelson! thanks for dropping by this site_ i understand how you feel its really difficult to learn a new language especially if the writing style and grammatical structure is different . I think it takes a lot of passion and perseverance . Depending on your goal if you want to speak than read and write then I suggest you fins a language exchange partner and start with a phrases . If you intend to read and write more than conversing then I suggest you get a good book Elementary Korean is really good and start with the basic . 	0
22460017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . 	If this is your first such puppy expect an offer of co_ownership if they think you are serious . At the minimum the breeder should be discussing how they will remain involved with the puppy . This is a valuable resource by the way the breeder will be able to explain what the puppy is pedigree means what other dogs it should be bred to how to show it and so on . Moreover if you are planning something like this definitely take your time and get to know several breeders doing the same things you are interested in . This will give you contacts information and a break when a good litter comes along and the breeders know you or you are vouched for by another breeder . It can be hard to break into showing and breeding but a little patience on your part will give better results . 	0
22470082902292	Doug is womanizing days come to an abrupt end when he had a one night stand with an epileptic woman who hides her condition and ends up in the ER and then dies after which Doug remains single until he gets back together with Carol . Doug has an on_again off_again relationship with Carol Hathaway the head nurse of the ER at County . 	Martin was born to Doug and Debbie Martin . They divorced in 1992 . Martin graduated from in 2001 with a degree in . She was a member of citation needed Yale University art history Saybrook College . She married Keith Christian in May 15 1999 in his hometown of . The pair had their first child a daughter named Margaret Heather Maggie Christian on . She is named after Martin is sister Heather who died due to at age 19 . 	0
22480010803142	Yet the matter is more complex than this . In many countries such as the United States the demographic changes in the workforce have reduced the size and influence of the historically dominant culture significantly . Large and important minority cultures live and work side by side with the historically dominant culture . It is no longer fully possible to speak of most countries in terms of a single culture . 	The blame falls on Napoko who is chased from the village . Learning of her mother fate Napoko daughter forces the elders to confront the truth . Based on a true story Delwende is a mother_daughter tale that examines some traditional customs in Africa and the role people play in exposing the injustices perpetrated against them . French African Voices Tournees Film Festival at Lafayette College presentsDelwende . 	0
22490133302696	The sponsoring airlines and United decided to ask instead for a smaller and simpler derivative but before the definitive DC_4 could enter service the outbreak of the Second World War meant production was channeled to the and the type was given the military designation . Additional versions used by the were designated . The first aircraft a C_54 flew from in on . 	Hughes did not insist upon a from Peters as a condition of the divorce aides reported that Hughes never spoke ill of her . She refused to discuss her life with Hughes and declined several lucrative offers from publishers and biographers . Peters would state only that she had not seen Hughes for several years before their divorce and had only dealt with him by phone . 	0
22500011900488	Evolution and destruction must occur at the same pace to keep the universal energy in balance . If evolution is stopped so is destruction . The fall of man was enacted by members of the Melchizedek to stop evolution thereby stopping destruction until a solution could be found to heal the entire universe_Order . 	The Geological Society of America is pleased to announce a journal to be launched in early 2009_ will focus on tectonic processes at all scales that affect the crust and upper mantle from the surface to the base of the lithosphere and will highlight research that addresses how the surface crust and mantle interact to shape the physical and chemical evolution of the lithosphere at all spatial and temporal scales_LithosphereLithosphere . Science editors appointed for the journal . 	0
22510010800257	In this regard cultural diversity in the workplace mirrors many of the same issues at play in the realm of international business . In international business interactions people who have learned differing conceptions of normative behavior are forced to suspend judgment of one another . 	The population tends to be separated along economic lines so that members of the middle upper and lower social classes within and across ethnic groups do not interact with one another on substantive or egalitarian levels . The divisions between these groups are increasing instead of diminishing . Separation along racial and economic lines is pronounced in the United States even in regions that appear to have racially mixed residential areas . 	0
22520010801758	In this regard cultural diversity in the workplace mirrors many of the same issues at play in the realm of international business . In international business interactions people who have learned differing conceptions of normative behavior are forced to suspend judgment of one another . 	After a few minutes of stumbling around I finally made it to the maintenance group and had the pleasure of meeting the second of only three Dmitrys working for BASF in North America . I was Russian he was Hispanic and there was significant age difference but this did not prevent us from becoming good friends and reflecting fondly on our first meeting . 	0
22530017300189	In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	By doing so you are NOT saying that all dogs of a particular breed have all or in fact any of the typical levels of each characteristic there is necessarily any real dog that has all of the typical levels of each characteristic it is impossible for a dog of breed 2 to have some or in fact all of the typical characteristics of breed 1 . 	0
22540152500165	In Arabic is pronounced . k t Palestine ak ik ak it Sana ik i . Main article . Arabic grammar . Nouns in Literary Arabic have three grammatical and also used when the noun is governed by a preposition three singular dual and plural two masculine and feminine and three states indefinite definite and . The cases of singular nouns other than those that end in long are indicated by short vowels u for nominative a for accusative i for genitive . The feminine singular is often marked by at which is reduced to ah or a before a pause . 	Even bags of potato chips have nutrition labels on them and although the sales figures for potato chips suggest that they are mostly ignored a small percentage of shoppers will use the label to inform their choice of chips . Indeed every once in a blue moon a shopper will look at the nutrition label sigh and decide to buy something other than junk food . The US EnergyStar label is a good example of an eco_label that is making a difference . 	0
22550017300189	I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . You may find homes for all of your pet is litter . But each home you find means one less home for the dogs and cats in shelters who need good homes . Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . 	The author writes a newspaper column and has been answering basic questions every day for years the same type that show up in rec_pets_dogs . This experience and helpful advice comes through in every page on this book . You and Your Dog . This useful book is an overall guide to the health and care of dogs . It includes a basic listing of dog breeds AKC . This is a good general purpose book that gives you an idea of what all is involved in owning and caring for a dog . Where Do I Get One? responsible . Animal shelters . The best thing to do is to go the animal shelter every weekend and spend time with the dogs . 	0
22560083102546	According to Archytas solved the problem of in his manner with a geometric construction_ before reduced this problem to finding mean . Archytas theory of proportions is treated in book VIII of s where is the construction for two proportional means equivalent to the extraction of the . 	The Greek emphasis on pure mathematics and proofs was key to the future of mathematics but they were missing an even more important catalyst a decimal place_value system based on zero and nine other symbols . It is still hard to believe that this obvious and so_convenient system did not catch on in Europe until almost the Renaissance . No one person can be credited with the invention of the decimal system but Chang Tshang Aryabhatta Brahmagupta and Leonardo Fibonacci are key figures . 	0
22570017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . 	If you are interested in a purebred dog you should pick up a book on dog breeds most libraries will have a good selection and do some research with the above questions in mind . There are some breed_specific FAQ is available . Finally you should SERIOUSLY consider attending a dog show where not only can you potentially contact breeders but you can see ADULT specimens of the breed you are considering . It is very important to remember that cute little puppies remain cute little puppies only for a matter of weeks . 	0
22580041002863	In 2000 BC speaking are thought to have been in the region of Afghanistan . It is unlikely that the themselves originated in Afghanistan although they did migrate from there south towards India and west towards but they also migrated into Europe via north of the Caspian . These Aryans set up a nation which became known as . 	Ahmad is rise was owing not only to his personality and talents but also to extraordinary luck . His reign coincided with the deterioration of the empires on both sides of Afghanistan_the Mughals to the southeast and the Safavis to the west . Even his first days as paramount chief were blessed with good fortune . Just before arriving in Qandahar where some resistance was expected Abroad encountered a caravan bound for the Iranian court laden with treasure . 	0
22590017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . Any time you bring your dog to the vet try to bring a fresh fecal sample . Put a small fingernail_sized sample into a plastic bag or ask your vet for a supply of fecal samplers . The vet cannot always get a fecal sample from the dog and this saves you extra trips to return the sample and then bring the dog in if the tests are positive . When you get your new dog you might already have pets that you will need to introduce the new dog to . 	0
22600017302438	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Less Stress will try to publish a new EMS scenario every month as an invitation to check in with us occasionally . Please be patient they look simple but they are a lot of work . a free public service . We hope to provide you with all the information you need to learn the basics The lymenet_org site has expert advice about prevention of tick bites plus management and recovery from Lyme disease . View at the Iowa State site and the Lyme Disease . MedicineNet describes insect sting reactions and prevention . In the dog days of summer the bees are getting restless . MedicineNet on those annoying reminders that you are not as graceful as you wish you were . 	0
22610017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	Breeding more than one breed A few breeders branch out into a second breed but the truth is that there is so much work involved in breeding right that one breed is more than enough for most people . If they are breeding more than two breeds something may be very wrong . The sire and dam are both on the same premises Now sometimes the breeder owns the dog they decided would be best for their bitch it does happen . If you see this ask who else the bitch has been bred to and generally try to find out if the breeder always uses her own stud dogs a BIG red flag or uses a variety of dogs depending on the bitch the flashing red lights can turn off now . The bitch was bred her previous season as well as this one This is called back to back breeding and is extremely rare among responsible breeders and all too common among unethical breeders . 	0
22620017302438	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . They also have a much lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases and get into fewer fights . 	This fact suggests that you will probably deal with renal patients often . Add to this the complex human reproductive system by which a single cell duplicates its genetic material allowing an organism to grow and repair itself . To give patients with problems in either or both systems the best possible care you need to know normal anatomy and physiology of the systems specific disorders in each system assessment methods and treatments . Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . 	0
22630079902118	However it must be re_emphasized that this is only Kmom is opinion and that she is not a doctor or registered dietician_non_medicalMost larger women with gd are currently being given plans of about 2100_2300 calories by registered dieticiansas long as the mother is not spilling ketones in her urine or losing weight . 	How professionals can participate in continuing education courses . There are a variety of courses available for health care providers most of which are offered as specialized learning depending on the individual is field of specialization . Accreditation and earned credits for the continuing education of physicians for example are different for nurses psychologists or podiatrists . 	0
22640079900398	However it must be re_emphasized that this is only Kmom is opinion and that she is not a doctor or registered dietician_non_medicalMost larger women with gd are currently being given plans of about 2100_2300 calories by registered dieticiansas long as the mother is not spilling ketones in her urine or losing weight . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
22650154901044	In addition to weight loss due to a reduction in fat and lean mass illnesses such as diabetes certain medications lack of fluid intake and other factors can trigger fluid loss . And fluid loss in addition to a reduction in fat and lean mass exacerbates the risk for _ cachexia . Infections such as may alter metabolism leading to weight loss . HIV 1 . 	2 dill pickle spears up to 3 pieces of sugar_free gum or mints . Limit your snack intake to one 1 per day . Snacks should NOT take the place of a Medifast Meal or Lean Green Meal . NOTE . Eating more than one 1 snack per day may hinder weight loss . For information on slower weight loss please refer to our PDF file . Plateau Tips . This is not recommended . In order to maximize effectiveness and to ensure that you get all the nutrition your body requires the Medifast 5 1 Plan 5 Medifast Meals plus 1 Lean Green Meal should be followed  unless otherwise recommended by your physician . 	0
22660079900398	The tendency in a lot of research is to recommend about a 1 3 reduction in calories for obese gestational diabetics which usually works out to a recommendation of about 1500_1800 calories per day depending on pre_pregnancy weight activity levels weight gain to that point in the pregnancy etc . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
22670079902118	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . The similarities generally outweigh the differences but the differences can be glaring . Remember that when you read this you are seeing only a few possible versions of gd food plans . 	When you are dealing with a disease that requires prolonged care and maintenance like diabetes it is important that you also invest some time and effort in continuing education . Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . With continuing education diabetes patients can look forward to better treatment cost_effective care and improved health management_diabetescontinuing education . 	0
22680079900398	It is important to emphasize that Women with gd are often given a plan as if it is The Ten Commandments written in stone and are shocked when they compare their plan with others and see some of the differences . The similarities generally outweigh the differences but the differences can be glaring . Remember that when you read this you are seeing only a few possible versions of gd food plans . 	2 diabetes hypertension mellitus type_ type 1 diabetes pathophysiology free sample pre diabetes menu_ diabetes drugs diabetes dog blindness symptoms care diabetes use of rosuvastatin versus atorvastatin in type 2 diabetes_ gs4 diabetes diabetes herbal_ diabetes diet information ambien and diabetes type 2 diabetes medications adult onset diabetes laurel diabetes pathophysiology of diabetes medical journals type 2 diabetes diabetes mellitus type 1 juvenile diabetes diet prevention juvenile diabetes symptoms individual health insurance plans low cost diabetes_ diabetes center getational diabetes specified limit results diabetes factor mellitus risk exercise training during hospitalization for diabetes diabetes and prevention_ juvenile diabetes diet american diabetes assoc 1 diabetes history type can i take paroxetine with my diabetes medication_ diabetes medical alert bracelet lipitor diabetes 2 diabetes mellitus pathophysiology type bupropion sr diabetes diabetes skin care diabetes prevention strategy the final cure for diabetes what are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes_ type 1 diabetes in an 8 year old_ signs diabetes symptoms_ diabetes cookbookamerican dietary association type 3 diabetes jackson diabetes pregnancy gestational diabetes diet diabetes tests type ii diabetes mellitus wound care skin herbs type 2 diabetes . 	0
22690142602930	New recipe fruit flavours from rachel c wednesday may for easter too with a range of themed ice creams including simnel cake with marzipan cream egg and welsh cakes_ open cell insulation dallas tx . Recipe search it is ngredient in traditional desserts such as stollen and simnel cakes . Healthy and delicious y food check out this new recipe best of all are the delicious cakes and puddings ar to pecan pie fruity summer pudding and simnel cake_ other interesting facts on conjunctiviti . Enter the name of the recipe you are searching for and click cracknel came from that process while the mediaeval simnel in to being the forerunners of gingerbread and honey cakes . 	Mother is Day Breakfast Recipes . Mother is Day Apple Almond Pancakes French Toast with Brandied Lemon Butter Gingerbread Waffles with Peach Sauce Broiled Shredded Wheat Easy Mother is Day Blueberry Muffins Mother is Day Western Omelet Mothers Day Breakfast Tacos Morning Glory Fruit Shake and Blueberry Mothers Day Breakfast Cake plus links to more mothers day breakfast recipes . Mother is Day Cake Recipes . Mother is Day Chocolate Cake Low Fat Carrot Cake for Mothers Day Mother is Day Stir Crazy Cake Fresh Mother is Day Strawberry Cupcakes Mothers Day Brandy Cake Easy Apple_Raisin Cake with Cinnamon Whipped Cream Funny Mother is Day Cake and Mom is Day Two Egg Cake plus links to more mothers day cake recipes . Mother is Day Candy Recipes . Mother is Day Chocolate Pecan Creams Caramel Turtles Easy Mother is Day Fudge Almond Buttercrunch Candy for Mother is Day Mother is Day Chocolate Candy Squares Raisin Peanut Clusters Mother is Day Chocolate Pecan Rum Balls Easy Cinnamon Candies Chocolate Candy Squares plus links to more mothers day candy recipes . Mother is Day Cookie Recipes . Mother is Day Peanut Butter Bars Mother is Day Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies Spritz Cookies Mothers Day Lemon Love Notes Angel Cloud Cookies Cinnamon Circles Mothers Day Cocoa Dr_ps Coffee Dr_p Cookies and Mother is Day Sugar Cookie Hearts plus links to more mothers day cookie recipes . 	0
22700154901044	Therapeutic weight loss in individuals who are or can decrease the likelihood of developing diseases such as high blood pressure and certain types of _ overweight obese diabetes 4 heart disease stroke osteoarthritis 5 cancer . Weight loss occurs when an individual is in a state of negative energy balance . When the human body is spending more in and than it is gaining from food or other nutritional supplements it will use stored reserves of fat or muscle_ energy work heat . 	Make sure to limit these to no more than 3 per day . This will count as your one 1 optional snack for the day . Can I chew gum . You can use butter substitutes such as Molly McButter Butter Budsand I Ca not Believe It is Not Butterspray as great alternatives to actual butter . For more specific condiment usage information refer to our complete list of PDF file . Can I have butter substitutes . Condiment Options . Medifast offers delicious Cappuccino Chai Latte and Hot Cocoa . These hot drinks can be used as part of your 5 1 Plan and can also be enjoyed throughout Transition and Maintenance . Can I have lattes . Coffee shop or other non_Medifast types of lattes are not recommended on the 5 1 Plan because theyre made with about 1 2 cup of milk and milk adds too many additional carbohydrates to your diet during the weight loss phase . Instead of a latte try a regular cup of coffee with low fat fat_free creamer half half or skim milk and sugar_free syrups or extracts for flavoring refer to our complete list of PDF file . Once you transition to the Maintenance phase you can include low fat dairy products . Condiment Options . Yes . You can have shirataki noodles serving size 1_1 2 cups 12 oz . This would be considered the Green portion of your Lean Green Meal . Can I have shirataki noodles . 	0
22710010800257	Increasingly one can no longer accurately talk about some variety of mainstream American culture . The normative Anglo_Saxon culture that had been held forth as the American culture until the mid_1960s is now viewed as just one more group albeit a still powerful and influential one in a culturally diverse society . The United States can no longer be viewed as a single culture but rather of many cultures joined by a common set of laws . In so diverse a society the workplace itself may serve to be a unifying element since those working at the same organization will have their work together as a point in common . Even if an organization were to resist the demographic pressures of change it would be unlikely to succeed . 	Another indication of this social deficiency is the persistence of stereotypic attitudes toward ethnic groups . In a recent study of ethnic images Smith 1990 reports that negative perceptions of groups of color especially AfricanAmericans and Hispanics are common in contemporary society . These groups are still considered to be less hardworking more violent less intelligent and more unpatriotic than Anglos . Research being conducted by Margaret Beale Spencer 1984 1985 1988 indicates that even though AfricanAmerican children between 3 and 11 years old obtain high scores on personal selfconcept measures society still shows a preference for whites and a tendency to attribute positive traits to whites while assigning negative traits to blacks . Thus even young students seem to have a double consciousness because they are able to separate their personal identities and selfesteem from knowledge about racial groups in society . They can simultaneously feel good about themselves and have negative attitudes toward their racial and ethnic groups . 	0
22720017300189	Female dogs and cats are spayed by removing their reproductive organs and male dogs and cats are neutered by removing their testicles . In both cases the operation is performed while the pet is under anesthesia . Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Other stores will have pictures and commentaries on their walls to inform you how clean and sanitary THEIR puppy mills are but clean and sanitary still does not obviate the problems with socialization and bloodlines . Do not be fooled . And you may not even want to patronize the stores for pet supplies as this will indirectly support the mills too . How Do I Find a Good Veterinarian . Choosing a vet . Asking other pet owners is not always effective because they may not have had any unusual or challenging health problems with their pets and vets that can be okay for routine stuff often are less impressive with unusal stuff . Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . 	0
22730010800257	Synergy the result of a combination in which the whole is greater than the sum of its parts has long been a side_benefit to global business involving multiple cultures . The same is likely to hold true with regard to domestic cultural diversity . Different cultural values and worldviews by their nature provide for nontraditional solutions to long_standing problems . The culturally heterogeneous workforce has an obvious advantage in cross_cultural and management . On the domestic level changing demographic patterns allow for new areas of segmented ethnic marketing . This in turn represents new domestic markets for goods or services in mature markets that have little room for expansion in their traditional market share . Most ethnically identifiable markets in addition currently show potential for growth_marketing . Finally cross_cultural sensitivity associated with managing cultural diversity in the domestic workplace provides an advantage that is valuable in competing in foreign markets . Domestic cross_cultural sensitivity increases the likelihood that U_S_ companies will have an edge on cross_cultural issues abroad areas in which competitors from more homogeneous nations would be well versed only after having entered the foreign market in question . 	Embedded in these principles is recognition of the fact that the process of learning involves more than intellectual ability and mastery of cognitive content . It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . 	0
22740083102546	According to this demonstration which uses lines generated by moving figures to construct the two proportionals between magnitudes was the first in which geometry was studied with concepts of mechanics . The which he used in his solution of the doubling the cube problem is named after him . Eutocius doubling the cube 8 Hippocrates of Chios proportionals Euclid Elements cube root Diogenes Laertius 9 Archytas curve . Politically and militarily Archytas appears to have been the dominant figure in Tarentum in his generation somewhat comparable to in a half_century earlier . The Tarentines elected him general seven years in a row a step that required them to violate their own rule against successive appointments . He was allegedly undefeated as a general in Tarentine campaigns against their southern Italian neighbors . 	Euclid is also believed to have proved that there are only five Platonic solids . Euclid ranks #14 on Michael Hart is famous list of the Most Influential Persons in History_ introduced the notions of axiom and theorem . It was used as a textbook for 2000 years and in fact is still the basis for high school geometry making Euclid the leading mathematics teacher of all time . Some think his best inspiration was recognizing that the Parallel Postulate must be an axiom rather than a theorem_The Division of the ScaleThe OpticsThe CartoptricsThe ElementsThe Elements . Top 287_212 BC Greece of SyracuseArchimedes . Archimedes studied at Euclid is school probably after Euclid is death but his work far surpassed the works of Euclid . 	0
22750017300189	The Community . Communities spend millions of dollars to control unwanted animals . Irresponsible breeding contributes to the problem of dog bites and attacks . Animal shelters are overburdened with surplus animals . Stray pets and homeless animals get into trash containers defecate in public areas or on private lawns and frighten or anger people who have no understanding of their misery or needs . 	First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . no_ with score . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o o . o o . o o . o . o aggressiveness score the centers of the two curves are clearly separated from which you would conclude that the breeds differ to some degree in aggressiveness there is some overlap so that the most aggressive breed 1 dogs are substantially more agressive than the average breed 2 dog and the least aggressive breed 2 dogs are substantially less aggressive than the average breed 1 dog . 	0
22760154901044	When the human body is spending more in and than it is gaining from food or other nutritional supplements it will use stored reserves of fat or muscle_ energy work heat . It is not uncommon for some people who are currently at their ideal body weight to seek additional weight loss in order to improve athletic performance and or meet required weight classification for participation in a sport . 	Mixing in different product brands may lead to nutrient deficiencies . Can I combine other brands of diet foods . It is important to drink at least 64 ounces of water per day while on the Medifast 5 1 Plan to keep your body hydrated . How much water should I drink on this program . We recommend drinking 64 ounces of water per day . In addition you may drink any liquids that are considered non_caloric which would include Medifast Flavor Infusers . This also includes hot or iced tea coffee or decaf diet sodas or other calorie_free beverages . 	0
22770017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	For example let is say that you want to plot the aggressiveness of various breeds . First you have to come up with a way of ranking dogs on aggressiveness an exercise left to the reader and then for each breed you score a large number of dogs on aggressiveness and plot the results . no_ with score . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o . o o . o o . o o . o . o aggressiveness score the centers of the two curves are clearly separated from which you would conclude that the breeds differ to some degree in aggressiveness there is some overlap so that the most aggressive breed 1 dogs are substantially more agressive than the average breed 2 dog and the least aggressive breed 2 dogs are substantially less aggressive than the average breed 1 dog . Now by doing this in N dimensions you can play the same game on as many characteristics as you wish and make statistically meaningful statements about tendencies of one particular breed or typical differences between breeds . 	0
22780017302438	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Regardless of the cause or the duration of the problem it is important for you as a combat medical specialist to be able to recognize and treat refer for treatment any individual with genitourinary system difficulties . For more advanced information on treatment of STD is and other disorders see In this subcourse you will study the gastrointestinal system . This system processes food so that it can be used by the body . Chemical reactions occur in each body cell . Some chemical reactions synthesize new enzymes cell structures bone and other components of the body . Other chemical reactions release energy needed for the building processes . The foods we eat are usually too large to pass through the membranes of the body is cells . The organs of the gastrointestinal system break down food molecules for use by the cells of the body and eliminate the waste products the body cannot use . Knowledge of the gastrointestinal system is vitally important to most medical MOSs . 	0
22790010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . 	Many people in the United States still believe that there is a single acceptable way to live look and behave as an American and a human being . The standards for determining what is appropriate derive from the Eurocentric mainstream culture . Anyone who deviates from these standards is considered to be unAmerican they become objects of scorn and are subjected to discrimination being denied equal access to institutional opportunities political rights economic rewards and respect for their human dignity . 	0
22800010801758	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . Diversity tends to breed new approaches to old practices and long_standing problems . 	As a result my reading spelling abilities are that of a nine year old . To say that I have problems with my written abilities is an understatement . I usually do not make a good first impression . I struggle with oral presentations quite often what I would say out loud will have no correlation with what I wanted to say and I will not be aware of that fact . I have a hard time with linear discussions . To say it mildly I do not fit the type of person that you would think would or should work for a chemical company let alone be involved in Research and Development . 	0
22810010800257	As a result what is right in one culture is not necessarily right or wrong only different_joint venture . By contrast in an entirely domestic setting the dominant culture has traditionally passed judgment as to right and wrong regarding cultural differences . The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . 	Because most people in the U_S_ live in ethnic and cultural enclaves they have only tangential interactions with and superficial knowledge of people who are culturally different from themselves . Ethnicity culture and humanness are inextricably linked and interrelated . No one model for being American or human is equally applicable to everyone . 	0
22820017302438	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . 	As a result you will be better able to perform functions of your medical MOS . The sensory system by which we see smell taste and hear is often taken for granted until we lose one or more of these senses . From the time we are born our senses shape our view of the world and transmit those impulses to the brain which trigger an adaptive response . The importance of becoming familiar with the sensory structures is fundamental to the Medical NCO due to the structures innate sensitivity and key role in daily life . 	0
22830142602930	New recipe fruit flavours from rachel c wednesday may for easter too with a range of themed ice creams including simnel cake with marzipan cream egg and welsh cakes_ open cell insulation dallas tx . Recipe search it is ngredient in traditional desserts such as stollen and simnel cakes . Healthy and delicious y food check out this new recipe best of all are the delicious cakes and puddings ar to pecan pie fruity summer pudding and simnel cake_ other interesting facts on conjunctiviti . Enter the name of the recipe you are searching for and click cracknel came from that process while the mediaeval simnel in to being the forerunners of gingerbread and honey cakes . 	Mother is Day Chocolate Cake Low Fat Carrot Cake for Mothers Day Mother is Day Stir Crazy Cake Fresh Mother is Day Strawberry Cupcakes Mothers Day Brandy Cake Easy Apple_Raisin Cake with Cinnamon Whipped Cream Funny Mother is Day Cake and Mom is Day Two Egg Cake plus links to more mothers day cake recipes . Mother is Day Candy Recipes . Mother is Day Chocolate Pecan Creams Caramel Turtles Easy Mother is Day Fudge Almond Buttercrunch Candy for Mother is Day Mother is Day Chocolate Candy Squares Raisin Peanut Clusters Mother is Day Chocolate Pecan Rum Balls Easy Cinnamon Candies Chocolate Candy Squares plus links to more mothers day candy recipes . Mother is Day Cookie Recipes . Mother is Day Peanut Butter Bars Mother is Day Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies Spritz Cookies Mothers Day Lemon Love Notes Angel Cloud Cookies Cinnamon Circles Mothers Day Cocoa Dr_ps Coffee Dr_p Cookies and Mother is Day Sugar Cookie Hearts plus links to more mothers day cookie recipes . 	0
22840174201455	Further north on the same street is the Hudson River Museum with a planetarium and the Glenview mansion featuring exhibitions of American art history and science . Try to find a better bargain than the 16 prix_fixed lunch at Harvest on Hudson in Hastings on the Hudson . The portions are huge and if the weather cooperates you can sit outside along the Hudson River . Moving north drop your bag at your first night is hotel Castle on the Hudson in Tarrytown . Built from 1887 to 1910 it was a private home until 1940 . 	Prices range from 40 to 48 for adults or 25 to 32 for children . Every Saturday and Sunday 1 to 4 p_m . Valentines Family Celebration includes . Resort_view accommodations for one night . Three_course dinner for two . American Breakfast for two adults and two children . Ritz Kids organized activities during dinner . After_dinner family Valentine cookie decorating with the pastry chef . 	0
22850174200884	The Underground Railroad had many stations in the Finger Lakes region and the womens rights movement had its origin in the Seneca Falls area . Mark Twain spent 20 summers in Elmira and wrote Tom Sawyer The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and a Connecticut Yankee in King Arthurs Court while there . The region is also known as the Soaring Capitol of America with the gliders at Harris Hill and the National Soaring Museum . 	This place is about the service these people . They are all about you and your needs . All of these people have something innate that makes them lovely people . The staff of about 400 workers went through a nine_day countdown for the opening a technical training session supervised by 70 trainers from other Ritz_Carlton hotels . Servers learned how to set a Ritz_Carlton table including using a string to line up glasses and dishes . It was like boot camp Lani Running hired from among 3 000 Las Vegan job applicants said as she made Kona coffee for guests through a French press . I m very impressed with the Ritz_Carlton training . Every hotel employee carries the Ritz_Carlton credo with them at all times a reminder of the company is focus on quality service . With no pockets Running kept hers in her shoe . 	0
22860010800257	On the negative side as a term diversity is often the subject of debate . The term may be imbued with political meaning . Not all people in organizations value diversity . As a rule people are most comfortable with those like themselves and emphasizing diversity may undermine that comfort level . 	This vitalizing presence is evident in science and technology economics and politics art and literature business and industry entertainment and recreation and popular culture . If one of the primary functions of schooling is to transmit the sociocultural legacy of the nation to its young citizens then our educational system must incorporate multiculturalism as a persistent and routine component of programs and practices . The increasing ethnic diversity of the United States population makes multicultural education for all students an imperative particularly if education is to fulfill its basic functions by being personally meaningful socially relevant culturally accurate and pedagogically sound . 	0
22870128502768	The has its roots in in the 16th 17th and 18th centuries . 	New Testament Matthew Great Commandment Great Commission 1 and with all your soul and with all your mind . All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments_Love the Lord your God with all your heartLove your neighbor as yourselfMatthew 22 37 40 NIV . 	0
22880010800257	Britain for example has substantial groups of citizens whose heritage stems from its former colonies in Asia the Caribbean and Africa . 	A humanistic concept based on the strength of diversity human rights social justice and alternative lifestyles for all people it is necessary for a quality education and includes all efforts to make the full range of cultures available to students it views a culturally pluralistic society as a positive force and welcomes differences as vehicles for better understanding the global society ASCD Multicultural Education Commission in Grant 1977b p . 	0
22890181601326	When a person buys a vehicle from a dealer the dealer is typically authorized to issue a temporary registration to allow the buyer to drive the vehicle until the government agency in charge of vehicle registration processes the registration forms . 	If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid on time then a late_payment penalty of 10_00 will be added to the City Lic_nse Fee . If the City Lic_nse Fee is not paid in the current year then according to it will remain due and be collectible_What will happen if I do not pay my City Lic_nse Fee in the current year . Virginia is Attorney General . 	0
22900108500217	It also applied to standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 631 a pensions edit Definitions . 	In an interoffice memorandum William R_ Yates Associate Director for Operations of the U_S . Citizenship and Immigration Services CIS announced that in its adjudication of spousal and fianc petitions the agency would not recognize a marriage or intended marriage where either party claims to be a transsexual . 	0
22910017300189	Depending on your pet is age size and health he or she will stay at your veterinarian is office for a few hours or a few days . Depending upon the procedure your pet may need stitches removed after a few days . Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . 	Instead it is likely to be the most dominant puppy in the litter . Dominant puppies will check new things out before the rest of the litter does . Your chosen puppy may not be right for you if you are a novice at dog ownership or obedience training . 	0
22920079902118	But general trends can still be detected from these indices and danger foods highlighted and watched for . For example a food with a surprisingly high index is cooked carrots . In many diabetics this seemingly innocent food can cause a strong and quick spike in bG . So even though this food is technically allowed in gd you may want to give it wide berth or test your own response to it gingerly . 	If you wish to learn from past courses conducted by the leading experts in diabetes and diabetes treatment the courses may be downloaded from the website for free as webcasts . Online sources for continuing education in diabetes . Another source for continuing education online is AADE at . Members can earn continuing education in diabetes credits online through a convenient and cost_effective method . 	0
22930010800257	Differing group affiliations that are likely to affect the generally involve cultural or identity groups based on ethnicity national origin race and religion_Cultural Diversity in Organizations workforce . 	It also includes the psychoemotional disposition of the students and teachers and the environmental settings or climates in which teaching and learning take place . If students feel that the school environment is alien and hostile toward them or does not affirm and value who they are as many students of color believe they will not be able to concentrate as thoroughly as they might on academic tasks . 	0
22940108500217	It also applied to standards for and benefits provided by employers and requires that information about the needs of older workers be provided to the general public_Age Discrimination in Employment Act United States Code 29 U_S_C . 621 29 U_S_C . 634 employment discrimination age United States 29 U_S_C . 	As a consequence of the report is findings the UK Government has announced that transgender will be a protected category along with sex gender race ethnicity physical or mental disability religion faith age and sexual orientation for the new Equalities and Human Rights Commission that starts work in October 2007 . 	0
22950017300189	Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . Instead it should be explained to children that the real miracle is life and that preventing the birth of some pets can save the lives of others_Fact . 	The breeder should also be concerned about your living conditions and what you plan to use the dog for before they allow their puppy to go live with you . Many breeders will want to know what you plan to do about reproduction . Many will require that a pet quality puppy be neutered and withhold registry papers until receipt of proof of neutering thus making any puppies from that dog unregisterable . If guarantees or other contracts such as spay neuter are involved get it all down in writing . A responsible breeder will not be offended by such a step . 	0
22960010800257	Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . 	Asian Americans are thought to be highly intelligent because Japanese and Chinese Americans often perform well on selected measures of intellectual ability . The tendency to ascribe attributes and behaviors of individuals to the entire ethnic group to which they belong is the basis for perpetuating stereotypes prejudices and racism . This tendency along with the disparities in distribution of opportunities and rewards in American society supports multicultural education is goal of clarifying ethnic attitudes and values . 	0
22970150302569	Agglutination is used very heavily in some such as and where one word can contain enough to convey the meaning of what would be a complex in other languages . Native American languages Nahuatl Quechua Tz utujil Kaqchikel K iche morphemes sentence . Agglutination is also a common feature in the native language of the the ancient tongue which has likely been spoken by the Euskaldun native Basque speakers for perhaps at least 2000 years . Basque people Euskara . Almost all of the also belong to this category . This enables them especially to form new words from simple base forms . 	 edit Background . From Indo_European to Nostratic . This section needs additional for _ citations verification . Please help by adding . Unsourced material may be and removed_ improve this article reliable references challenged December 2008 . The concept of Nostratic can be best understood in the context of the discovery of the Indo_European family of languages and the methods developed in its investigation . 	0
22980181602057	In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . Some states issue a new plate whenever the car is sold . The various states have different schemes for reissuing license plates a process known as replating . 	By 2004 all states will be required to adopt the stricter standard or face penalties which include the loss of federal highway trust fund money ranging from 2_8 percent is determined depending on how soon after 2004 the standard is adopted . The fund collects money from a 4_3 federal gasoline tax and distributes it to states for building highways bridges and other infrastructures . 	0
22990181601326	a cardboard or lightweight plastic license plate to be removed at the end of the temporary registration period a standard metal license plate with temporary validation in which case the government agency needs to issue only a validation sticker rather than a license plate or a form or decal to be applied to a window of the vehicle . edit Plates for various types of vehicles and groups . 	If I have owned my vehicle for two years and never paid a City Lic_nse Fee will I be required to pay for those outstanding years even though there is no longer a City decal . Yes . According the City Treasurer is authorized to charge the owner for outstanding City Lic_nse Fees dating back three years . Virginia is Attorney General . If I receive 100 tax credit under the Personal Property Tax Relief Act for my vehicle which is valued at 1 000 or less and used for non_business purposes will I receive a bill for my City Lic_nse Fee . 	0
23000017300189	Your veterinarian can fully explain spay and neuter procedures to you and discuss with you the best age at which to sterilize your pet . Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . The result is that they stay home and have less chance of being involved in traumatic accidents such as being hit by a car . 	Are the dogs bred for the ring field or for general pet purposes . How many breedings have you done to date . How long have you been breeding . Names and phone numbers of several customers and the vet you use . How many different breeds have you bred . How many breeds are you breeding now . If for some reason I cannot keep the dog will you take it back no matter how old it is . 	0
23010181600822	This transit registration will allow the new owner to drive the vehicle and to properly register and obtain license plates for the vehicle from his state or province of residence . 	Extends the sunset for the income tax credit for purchase of machinery and equipment for processing recyclable materials from January 1 2007 to January 1 2015 . The bill also makes the credit available to individual income tax filers . Credits earned by a pass_through entity are to be allocated in proportion to each individual is ownership in the pass_through entity . 	0
23020010800257	While women may be treated differently from men in every culture the way they are treated differently varies from culture to culture and so gender differences remain a subset of cultural diversity . 	Most school structures and procedures are grounded in mainstream cultural conceptions of law order reason and rationality . Another illustration of the predominance of Anglocentric middleclass culture is that the significant power positions in politics and economics tend to be held by people from this cultural background . 	0
23030017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . 	When dogs are bred they mate over a period of several days and it is possible for some of the puppies to be concieved on the first mating and others on subsequent matings . Over a period of four days this can make the youngest puppy significantly smaller . 	0
23040154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . 	Yes . There are numerous vegetarian options available within the Medifast Meal lineup . For specific information refer to our complete list of PDF file . You can substitute for the LEAN portion of the Lean Green Meal . 	0
23050181600822	The sticker is usually placed on one corner of the plate while the month of the year in which the plate would expire is printed in an opposing corner . Some jurisdictions combine the year and month on one sticker . In others the plate is is a displayed from the inside of the . 	Machinery and tools tax idle machinery and tools . 58_1_3523 amended . Adds to the definition of qualifying vehicle those vehicles that are held in a private trust for nonbusiness purposes by an individual beneficiary . HB 1880 CH . 314_Personal Property Tax Relief Act definitions . 58_1_3523 amended . 	0
23060079902118	The advantage of these restricted_calorie diets is that of them have helped reduce the levels of insulin needed by women or prevented its use for some and have reduced macrosomia rates in women . 	The ADA offers continuing education in diabetes using several learning formats and is addressed from local to national levels . This is in conjunction with ADA is thrust to provide quality education for professional health care providers as a way to reiterate their role in the success of a diabetic patient is treatment and disease management . 	0
23070008502061	Sonoma County is bounded on the west by the Pacific Ocean and has 76 miles 122 km of coastline . 	Hospital delivery . Full health care for the baby for one year . A pdf is provided by The Children is Health Access and Medi_Cal Program Network . You can find a local prenatal care provider who participates in the AIM program from our . You can also request free assistance with your AIM application by contacting one of the who have eligibility workers on staff to help you and can also provide you with the health care you need_ detailed explanation of the AIM program list of providers locations in Sonoma County . 	0
23080017302438	Health Benefits of Spaying and Neutering . Spayed animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate . 	Should you be faced with the situation where you are required to administer first aid then your training and the information provided in this book will enable you to cope effectively_ presents a list of 29 common first aid ailments which have been taken from Health at Home  Your Complete Guide to Symptoms Solutions Self_Care a book published by the . Each ailment has a nifty easy to comprehend algorithm chart to follow for treatment . 	0
23090181600822	In the U_S_ states of most plates issued prior to 1988 see note below and license plates are only required on the rear of the vehicle . Some vanity and specialty plates in and are issued in pairs but only the rear plate is required to be displayed the optional front plate is something of a bonus for paying an extra fee for the plate . 	Increases from seven to 14 days the minimum notice that a locality must give the public of a public hearing in which the locality proposes to increase its total real estate tax levies more than 101 of the prior year is tax levies and requires that such notice be posted in the building where the governing body of the locality ordinarily meets as well as in a newspaper . SB063 CH . 948_Real estate tax limitation on tax rate . 	0
23100017302438	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Some types of marine life can emit a poison that is more lethal than that of any snake and many military personnel are stationed at or near the habitats of these animals . The lesson on hepatitis identifies the various types of this disease . The routes of person to person transmission and disease precautions will be of special interest . 	0
23110008502061	The northern Plain drains to the Russian River or a tributary the southern Plain drains to the Russian River via the . Laguna de Santa Rosa edit Russian River . Much of central and northern Sonoma County is in the watershed of the Russian River and its tributaries . 	California Department of Health Services locations in Sonoma County . What is AIM . If you do not have health insurance or have a high deductible and do not qualify for Medi_Cal you may be able to obtain maternity care through the Access for Infants and Mothers AIM program . The AIM program offers affordable prenatal and maternity insurance for middle_income pregnant women and health insurance for their babies . AIM offers coverage for pregnant women who . 	0
23120142700596	Change of Address Notification Application for Child Support Services Acknowledgement of Paternity Form and many other forms related to child support in the state of Arizona . Arizona Child Support Forms On_line Feedback Form For California Child Support Services . California Department of Child Support Services Instructions for completing Delaware Child Support Enforcement Application for child support services . Delaware Child Support Applications Florida Department of Revenue Child Support Services . Florida Child Support Child Support Laws for Employers . 	III 302_56_History of Development . The final draft was completed by the Judicial Reform Committee on July 24 1987 and was presented to the Judicial Conference of Indiana Board of Directors on September 17 1987_The Board accepted the report of the Reform Committee approved the Guidelines and recommended their use to the judges of Indiana in all matters of child support . 	0
23130008501937	Hood Mountain vineyards . 	Office of Vital Statistics DHS Public Health Division 625 5th Street Santa Rosa CA 95404 Ph_ne 707_565_4407 Fax 707_565_4413 Hours 8 00 a_m_ to 4 30 p_m  . 	0
23140008500605	Hood Mountain vineyards . 	Click here for Contact Information Home Care 2 E Congress St Ste 900 Tucson AZ 85701 Cochise Santa Cruz and Pima Counties Allyn Nock RN BSN Michelle Nock RN MSN BrightStar Healthcare . 	0
23150017302438	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	Do your best to achieve the objectives of this subcourse . As a result you will be better able to perform your job or medical MOS . See also . Medical terminology is the professional language of those who are directly or indirectly engaged in the art of healing . You will need to know medical terms in order to read a medical record to complete forms to decipher a physician is handwriting and to communicate with others in the hospital in a professional manner . 	0
23160017300189	Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . My children should experience the miracle of birth_Myth . Even if children are able to see a pet give birth which is unlikely since it usually occurs at night and in seclusion the lesson they will really learn is that animals can be created and discarded as it suits adults . 	A good vet will either be associated with a 24 emergency care plan or be able to give you the number of a good place in your area . Keep this number on your refrigerator and check with your vet when you visit that it is still up_to_date . 	0
23170010800257	By contrast Malaysia does insist on hiring requirements by ethnic group in many situations . While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . This is no small matter in a nation that on many occasions had scapegoated its Chinese community during periods of economic upheaval . 	Diversity in education based on ethnicity social class language nonWestern national origins economic status cultures and interests is no longer a luxury or a matter of choice it is a necessity for the survival of society . 	0
23180181600822	A few other states such as allow although do not require out of state students to register their vehicles in state citation needed citation needed New York citation needed . When a vehicle is sold the disposition of the license plates depends on state law and varies by state . In some states license plates are transferred with the vehicle to its new owner . In other states the license plates remain with the seller who may for a fee transfer the license plates and any unused portion of the current registration to a new vehicle . 	Distributes a contribution made to the Spay and Neuter Fund through the voluntary contribution of tax refunds to the locality in which the filer resides . The locality must use the contribution for the provision of low_cost spay and neuter surgeries or it may make the funds available to any private nonprofit sterilization program for dogs and cats in the locality . 	0
23190008503117	Other regions of the county beyond the Sonoma Valley include among others the the the the and the . Petaluma Valley Santa Rosa Plain Russian River Alexander Valley Dr_ Creek Valley . Distinct habitat areas within the county include oak oak and . 	Report of the Planning Group on Medi_Cal Managed Care to the Sonoma County Department of Health Serivces Director . During 2007 the County Organized Health System COHS Implementation Planning Group is planning for implementation of these recommendations for Medi_Cal managed care in 2008 . 	0
23200008502061	Other regions of the county beyond the Sonoma Valley include among others the the the the and the . Petaluma Valley Santa Rosa Plain Russian River Alexander Valley Dr_ Creek Valley . Distinct habitat areas within the county include oak oak and . 	Smoke_Free Babies is program for Sonoma County women who use tobacco and are pregnant or have a baby under six months of age . The Northern California Center for Well_Being offers three services phone support private appointments and a weekly group for mothers . 	0
23210181600822	This is particularly common in jurisdictions in which only one license plate series or design is valid at any given time . Optional_issue plates may or may not follow the same rules for replacement as standard_issue plates depending on the jurisdiction . PennDOT update edit Mounting . Many American states are now strictly enforcing laws that require vehicles to display two license plates on the rear and front of the vehicle . 	Permits localities to tax certain energy_efficient buildings not including the land on which they are located at a lower tax rate than that imposed on the general class of real property by creating a separate classification for taxation purposes . An energy_efficient building is any building that exceeds the energy efficiency standards prescribed in the Virginia Uniform Statewide Building Code by 30 percent . 	0
23220017300189	Also in less than one year is time each of your pet is offspring may have his or her own litter adding even more animals to the population . The problem of pet overpopulation is created and perpetuated one litter at a time_Fact . 	Many pet stores have been instructing their employees to tell prospective clients that all the animals in the store are from local breeders . In many cases this is simply not true . Other stores will have pictures and commentaries on their walls to inform you how clean and sanitary THEIR puppy mills are but clean and sanitary still does not obviate the problems with socialization and bloodlines . Do not be fooled . 	0
23230017300189	Most importantly it is a very small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of the births of more unwanted pets_Fact . I will find good homes for all the puppies and kittens_Myth . 	The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . Look for a clean healthy dog keeping in mind any constraints you may have . Look for signs of friendliness and liveliness . Does it approach you in a friendly manner . Talk with the people caring for the animals for any information on a particular animal they can give you . 	0
23240010800257	The norms of the dominant culture take on the aura of right behavior differing from such norms accordingly take on the aura of wrong . Difficulty in accepting the judgments of the dominant culture in a society however is becoming more and more prevalent . 	One premise of multicultural education is that teaching and learning are cultural processes that take place in a social context . To make teaching and learning more accessible and equitable for a wide variety of students students cultures need to be more clearly understood . Such an understanding can be achieved by analyzing education from multiple cultural perspectives and thereby removing the blindness imposed on education by the dominant cultural experience Spindler 1987b . 	0
23250017300189	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	Just check them carefully when you go and visit them like you would any other breeder . Do not make the mistake of thinking that because you only want a nice pet there is no reason for you to look for a high quality breeder . 	0
23260017302438	A dog is personality is formed more by genetics and environment than by sex hormones_Fact . I do not want my male dog or cat to feel like less of a male_Myth . 	We would like to share ideas with you about taking responsibility for your canine partner is health . Learn how to read your dog for signs of a medical problem and how to make decisions about when to get more advanced medical help if needed . Wow . Quite the site for cat owners . 	0
23270175900679	Replacing the Defender with a new model has been in the planning stages for many years . The design is over 20 years old in its current form and in some ways directly evolved and updated from the Land Rovers of the 1940s . 	The first model presented is back in 1948 with the Land Rover Series 1 . This company has received as a reward for their high quality their models and their technological advances two Queen is Awards for Enterprises delivered by the Queen of England . 	0
23280175902953	Replacing the Defender with a new model has been in the planning stages for many years . The design is over 20 years old in its current form and in some ways directly evolved and updated from the Land Rovers of the 1940s . 	We have a Full Line of Parts and Accessories . Select a category at right . Land Rover Defender 90 owners are among the most active customers we have at Atlantic British . Your drive for customizing your vehicle with Defender parts and Defender accessories is high and so is our drive to seek out new and imaginative products for you . 	0
23290175900679	The design is over 20 years old in its current form and in some ways directly evolved and updated from the Land Rovers of the 1940s . 	Now Ford sold Land Rover to the Chinese company Tata of India . Hopefully a destination that does not harm one of the most important of all land in the world . Tags Land Rover 60 years of history Land Rover turns 60 . This entry was posted on Tuesday January 6th 2009 at 8 16 am and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the feed . You can or from your own site . 	0
23300174202922	Robert Trent Jones Jr_ and Greg Norman designed the courses . Guests at the hotel can make use of one of the courses each day while the other is reserved for club members they alternate courses every day . 	Medici is undeniably one of the most beautiful restaurants in town . The weekend brunch is of the traditional restaurant variety . The term has been bastardized by the gigantic buffets on the Strip where mimosas and breakfast items in serving trays at lunchtime qualify . 	0
23310010800257	Sensitivity to cross_cultural issues in values and communication styles is however only a beginning . As R_ Roosevelt Thomas Jr_ indicated in it is still necessary in the workplace to go beyond simple recognition of cultural diversity to active diversity management . Thomas indicated that Managing diversity is a comprehensive managerial process for developing an environment that works for all employees . 	The tendency to ascribe attributes and behaviors of individuals to the entire ethnic group to which they belong is the basis for perpetuating stereotypes prejudices and racism . This tendency along with the disparities in distribution of opportunities and rewards in American society supports multicultural education is goal of clarifying ethnic attitudes and values . 	0
23320174200884	The good news is one probably will spend an extra day in the area . The 9 130 acres of vineyards slope down to deep glaciated lakes providing a micro_climate and soils for the production of premium vinifera wine grapes . The lakes and hillsides also provide the setting for visitors interested in visiting wineries and other attractions see the end of the article for places to visit . 	Every part of this hotel is beautiful Boeddeker said . Our vision is many people coming together to create a palate for what we want to do here . The Ritz_Carlton is adding to that in a way that is beyond the vision . 	0
23330175900679	The first was the Defender 50th which was essentially a NAS North American Spec Defender 90 Station Wagon . 	BMW split the company and all he did was to sell Land Rover and MG Rover and Ford to Some British investors with all that is staying with the German mark was Mini . Now Ford sold Land Rover to the Chinese company Tata of India . Hopefully a destination that does not harm one of the most important of all land in the world . 	0
23340175902953	The first was the Defender 50th which was essentially a NAS North American Spec Defender 90 Station Wagon . 	The was a Limited Edition with only 500 officially ever sold in the United States . 110 . While few in number here in the U_S Defenders are very popular around the world often retrofitted to serve as military medical and rescue vehicles . However you want to outfit your Land Rover Defender 90 trust Atlantic British to have the Defender parts and accessories you need in stock along with a few surprises . 	0
23350175902953	Although the Range Rover had been sold there since 1987 this was the first time utility Land Rovers had been sold since 1974 . To comply with the strict regulations ranging from crash safety to lighting as well as the very different requirements of American buyers the North American Specification NAS Defenders were extensively modified . The initial export batch was 525 Defender 110 County Station Wagons . 500 to the United States and 25 to Canada . 	The was a Limited Edition with only 500 officially ever sold in the United States . 110 . While few in number here in the U_S Defenders are very popular around the world often retrofitted to serve as military medical and rescue vehicles . However you want to outfit your Land Rover Defender 90 trust Atlantic British to have the Defender parts and accessories you need in stock along with a few surprises . 	0
23360175900978	Although the Range Rover had been sold there since 1987 this was the first time utility Land Rovers had been sold since 1974 . To comply with the strict regulations ranging from crash safety to lighting as well as the very different requirements of American buyers the North American Specification NAS Defenders were extensively modified . The initial export batch was 525 Defender 110 County Station Wagons . 500 to the United States and 25 to Canada . 	As I no longer own a Land Rover I am unable to answer technical questions or parts supply questions . If you need information researching your vehicle is history then try the contacts on the above page . If you need technical information then try the page or the . The listservers on the page are especially recommended . For spare parts look through the advertisers retail and classified in the various Land Rover magazines . 	0
23370070501204	Empty calories dietary calories nutritional carbohydrates fats nutrients vitamins minerals antioxidants amino acids refined grains Michael Jacobson Center for Science in the Public Interest . Limiting empty calories is important to prevent especially in individuals . This is essential when people try to lose weight so that they have an adequate intake of vitamins and minerals and avoid _ recommend replacing empty_calorie foods with nutrient_dense foods such as and _ weight gain sedentary malnutrition Dietitians fruits vegetables . The following foods are often considered to contain mostly empty calories  . 	Natural vegetable oils are the key ingredients that margarines are made from . If they are hardened by hydrogenation then trans fats will be formed . It is therefore best to choose a margarine spread that is non_hydrogenated low in saturated fat and contains mono and polyunsaturated fat that help lower blood cholesterol levels . Not one of the Unilever Margarine and spreads contains any trans fats . Margarine is clearly the heart_healthy choice recommended by health professionals and leading health organizations . Margarine is that have removed the trans fatty acids from their product has received the endorsement from the heart foundation . So just because butter comes straight from nature does not mean it is healthier for you . 	0
23380017300189	It is a small price to pay for the health of your pet and the prevention of more unwanted animals . Myths and Facts . My pet will get fat and lazy_Myth . The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . 	Asking other pet owners is not always effective because they may not have had any unusual or challenging health problems with their pets and vets that can be okay for routine stuff often are less impressive with unusal stuff . Call vets in your area and ask the vet techs not the vets themselves who they would recommend other than their own current employer . Another good source is groomers as they tend to hear a lot of stories from their clients . If you find the recommended vet is very expensive he probably owns the practice . Try one of the associates . 	0
23390017300189	It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . Check with your veterinarian about the appropriate time for these procedures_Fact . 	If things seem to be going well ask if you can take it on a walk even just around the compound . If you are curious to know its reaction to cats take it by the cat compound . Finally do not be afraid to say not this dog and walk away . It is hard hard hard to walk away from a sweet dog but you are looking for a companion for life so you will have to be honest with yourself about what you want . 	0
23400070501204	This is essential when people try to lose weight so that they have an adequate intake of vitamins and minerals and avoid _ recommend replacing empty_calorie foods with nutrient_dense foods such as and _ weight gain sedentary malnutrition Dietitians fruits vegetables . The following foods are often considered to contain mostly empty calories  . 	We are always being told that natural is best and it would seem that milk from cows is well natural . So what about the butter made from that milk . Shopping shelves are filled with substitutes to butter  such as margarine . It claims to be a healthier alternative but is it really . You can exercise and watch what you eat but when it comes to slathering something tasty on your toast or English Muffin you probably still ask what is better for me . Butter or margarine . 	0
23410154901044	The desired result is to have the body burn fat for energy with the goal of losing a significant amount of weight in a short time . Crash dieting is not the same as in which the individual periodically abstains from food e_g every other day _ crash diet intermittent fasting edit Weight loss industry . There is a substantial market for products which promise to make weight loss easier quicker cheaper more reliable or less painful . 	It is the weight . Is the Lean serving size the cooked or uncooked weight? cooked . The Medifast 5 1 Plan provides 800 to 1 000 calories per day depending on your personal selections . How many calories are in the Medifast 5 1 Plan . Medifast does not recommend frozen dinners on the 5 1 Plan  primarily due to their varying calorie levels excessive sodium content and lower protein levels . Can I substitute frozen meals for my Lean Green Meals . The Cream of Tomato Soup is the only product that contains MSG . Do any Medifast products contain MSG . 	0
23420070501204	Limiting empty calories is important to prevent especially in individuals . This is essential when people try to lose weight so that they have an adequate intake of vitamins and minerals and avoid _ recommend replacing empty_calorie foods with nutrient_dense foods such as and _ weight gain sedentary malnutrition Dietitians fruits vegetables . The following foods are often considered to contain mostly empty calories  . 	These 11 studies involving more than 70 000 individuals clearly demonstrate the cholesterol_lowering benefits of margarine products compared to butter . Although some fat is essential health professionals recommend that we reduce the total of fat in our diet . It is important to pay attention to both the amount and type of fat eaten . Both butter and margarine are 80 fat and are made with many of the same ingredients namely fats and oils . The type of fat they contain is the difference between them . Butter is made from milk dairy fat which is high in saturated fat and also contains trans fat . Both saturated and trans fat raise blood cholesterol levels . 	0
23430070500103	Jump to navigation search in casual terminology are present in high_energy foods with poor profiles typically from processed or . Also known as a discretionary calorie an empty calorie has the same energy content of any other calorie but lacks accompanying such as or in the case of fiber . The term was coined in 1972 by head of the . Empty calories dietary calories nutritional carbohydrates fats nutrients vitamins minerals antioxidants amino acids refined grains Michael Jacobson Center for Science in the Public Interest . 	Both have the same amount of calories . Butter is slightly higher in saturated fats at 8 grams compared to 5 grams . Eating margarine can increase heart disease in women by 53 over eating the same amount of butter according to a Harvard Medical School study . Eating butter increases the absorption of many other nutrients in other foods . Butter has many nutritional benefits where margarine has a only few because they are added . 	0
23440070501159	Jump to navigation search in casual terminology are present in high_energy foods with poor profiles typically from processed or . Also known as a discretionary calorie an empty calorie has the same energy content of any other calorie but lacks accompanying such as or in the case of fiber . The term was coined in 1972 by head of the . Empty calories dietary calories nutritional carbohydrates fats nutrients vitamins minerals antioxidants amino acids refined grains Michael Jacobson Center for Science in the Public Interest . 	When in baking with a light margarine or a light butter again the water content and less fat content may not give you the taste or the texture that you had with the original product_Katherine Zeratsky . What are the dietary recommendations for fat such as butter or margarine?Rich Dietman . When choosing a butter or margarine as we said earlier it is best to choose ones that are lower in fat saturated fat and trans fat . However as a general rule use butter and margarine sparingly . Fat is a rich source of calories and when we are looking to benefit our own heart health we need to watch our overall calorie intake as well as our overall fat intake_Katherine Zeratsky . 	0
23450070500103	This is essential when people try to lose weight so that they have an adequate intake of vitamins and minerals and avoid _ recommend replacing empty_calorie foods with nutrient_dense foods such as and _ weight gain sedentary malnutrition Dietitians fruits vegetables . The following foods are often considered to contain mostly empty calories  . 	Most people will live longer feel better and have less risk of early death from heart disease stroke and cancer if they keep their fat intake to well below 30 percent of calories in the diet preferably in the range of 20 percent . This is much less than most Americans eat . One way to cut down on fat is to avoid both butter and margarine especially as spreads for bread and toppings for potatoes and other vegetables . 	0
23460070500445	This is essential when people try to lose weight so that they have an adequate intake of vitamins and minerals and avoid _ recommend replacing empty_calorie foods with nutrient_dense foods such as and _ weight gain sedentary malnutrition Dietitians fruits vegetables . The following foods are often considered to contain mostly empty calories  . 	Trying to lose weight . Use all fats carefully use them to bring out the flavor of other foods not drown them . Try diet margarine or diet butter they have a higher water content than regular fats and have fewer calories per serving . The problem is that most people simply eat too much margarine and butter plus they eat other high fat foods as well and much of the fat we eat is hidden in foods not added as a spread . 	0
23470097700499	Some of the structures the tornado destroyed included an spanning the Mississippi River the a a school and two churches . Fifteen rail cars were demolished and iron rails from the train track were pulled up and mangled . After it passed through Sauk Rapids it moved on to Rice where it killed 11 people in a wedding party when the home they were in was destroyed . In all 72 people were killed by the twister including 38 in Sauk Rapids and 20 in . 	In spite of the overall downward trend in fatalities several events during the late 1990s demonstrated significant vulnerability in certain high risk situations . When strong or violent tornadoes impact densely populated areas especially when they pass through mobile home communities or along heavily_traveled roads or when they occur late at night numerous fatalities and injuries can occur . In 1998 tornado related deaths in the U_S_ totaled 130 including 42 in one Central Florida outbreak and 34 in one tornado which struck Birmingham AL . In 1999 one tornado killed 38 in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area . There are lessons to be learned from these events for further mitigation of damage and reduction in casualties . 	0
23480097702990	Some of the structures the tornado destroyed included an spanning the Mississippi River the a a school and two churches . Fifteen rail cars were demolished and iron rails from the train track were pulled up and mangled . After it passed through Sauk Rapids it moved on to Rice where it killed 11 people in a wedding party when the home they were in was destroyed . In all 72 people were killed by the twister including 38 in Sauk Rapids and 20 in . 	They can happen in all sorts of tornado sizes from huge tornadoes to narrow tornadoes . Subvortices are the cause of most of the narrow short extreme swaths of damage that sometimes arc through tornado tracks . From the air they can preferentially mow down crops and stack the stubble leaving . Multivortex tornadoes are the source of most of the old stories from newspapers and other media before the late 20th century which told of several tornadoes seen together at once_ subvortices they can sometimes be spectacularly visible wedge rope cycloidal marks in fields . 	0
23490097700499	Some of the structures the tornado destroyed included an spanning the Mississippi River the a a school and two churches . Fifteen rail cars were demolished and iron rails from the train track were pulled up and mangled . After it passed through Sauk Rapids it moved on to Rice where it killed 11 people in a wedding party when the home they were in was destroyed . 	A particularly effective element in the warning dissemination process at almost any level of jurisdiction is the emergency operations center EOC the focal point for receiving critical information and making timely local warning dissemination decisions . Owners managers directors and staffs of public and private facilities where large numbers of people are housed or gathered can also play key roles in reducing the risk of tornado related deaths and injuries . Each facility should have an up_to_date action plan adequate shelter an efficient means of receiving warning information and an effective internal dissemination system . 	0
23500010800257	This works well in the United States where lawsuits have in some cases defined issues of discrimination in terms of the disparate impact of discriminatory policies on a company is overall employment numbers by ethnic group or race . Additionally the racial and ethnic groups of the United States while somewhat regional in distribution are not particularly bound to one specific part of the country over another . 	One should expect people who have been involved in a discipline or educational movement for a long time to understand and talk about it differently from those who are new to it . Similarly educators who look at schooling from the vantage point of sociology psychology or economics will have differing views of the key concerns of schooling . Yet these disparate analysts may agree on which issues are the most critical ones . 	0
23510083102546	Archytas and Eudoxus student was . Tarentum Magna Graecia Italy Ph_lolaus Eudoxus of Cnidus Menaechmus . Archytas . Archytas is believed to be the founder of mathematical . 	Would Jupiter is pull on Saturn eventually propel Saturn into a closer orbit or was Saturn is orbit stable for eternity? Laplace is equations had the optimistic outcome that the solar system was stable_Mecanique Celeste . Laplace advanced the nebular hypothesis of solar system origin and was first to conceive of black holes and multiple galaxies . 	0
23520010800257	Japan for example is 98_5 percent Japanese in ethnic background . This necessarily affects Japanese attitudes toward diversity or even the ability of the Japanese to see diversity as an important issue in other countries . 	It is also similar to Sleeter and Grant is 1988 conception of multicultural education for social reconstruction . This approach focuses on oppression and social structure inequalities with the intention of creating a society that better empowers and serves the needs and interests of all groups of people . 	0
23530010800257	Thus in the United States diversity is encouraged through equal employment opportunity laws but not through officially mandated quotas or hiring requirements by race or ethnic group . By contrast Malaysia does insist on hiring requirements by ethnic group in many situations . While the system may not be agreeable to visiting American managers in Malaysia the Malaysian system seems to have worked fairly well for Malaysia is Malay Tamil and Chinese communities . Indeed one may argue that the interethnic peace that lasted throughout the Malaysian economic crises at the close of the 1990s may have directly derived from such laws . 	A person is humanity cannot be isolated or divorced from his or her culture or ethnicity . One cannot be human without culture and ethnicity and one cannot have culture and ethnicity without being human . As Lisa Delpit states If one does not see color one does not really see children Delpit 1992 . Therefore to acknowledge and respect one another to be fully human requires mutual understanding and appreciation based on cultural understanding Gay 1991 Spindler 1987 . The influences of culture and ethnicity are established early and thoroughly in the process of human growth and development and they prevail thereafter for the remainder of one is life . 	0
23540125801816	Each of these approaches serves its intended purpose well . They are discussed roughly in order of the extent to which they approach the objectivist ideal _ is the best approach for determining between . The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs . Experimental research causal relationships variables methodology MISs can give detailed information about the dynamic operations of complex programs . 	While the home buyer pays for the report as part of the closing costs the lender retains the right to use the report or any information contained within . The home buyer is entitled to a copy of the report it is usually included with all of the other closing documents but is not entitled to use the report for any other purpose without permission from the lender . The exception to this rule is when a home owner engages an appraiser directly . In these cases the appraiser may stipulate how the appraisal can be used for PMI removal or estate planning or tax challenges for example . 	0
23550097700181	It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 	Canada is Deadliest Tornadoes . Canada is ten deadliest individual tornadoes to June 2008 according to Environment Canada figures in the list are their accepted tallies have been . Regina Saskatchewan June 30 1912 28 dead hundreds injured . Edmonton Alberta July 31 1987 27 dead 300 injured . Windsor Ontario June 17 1946 17 dead . Pine Lake Alberta July 14 2000 12 dead 140 injured . Valleyfield Quebec August 16 1888 9 dead 14 injured . Windsor Ontario April 3 1974 9 dead 30 injured . Barrie Ontario May 31 1985 8 dead 155 injured . Sudbury Ontario August 20 1970 6 dead 200 injured . St_Rose Quebec June 14 1892 6 dead 26 injured . Buctouche New Brunswick August 6 1879 5 dead 10 injured . Destruction resulting from tornado striking Regina SK on 30 June 1912 . Ph_to courtesy Library and Archives Canada . In most cases these storms occurred before the Fujita Tornado Damage Scale had been implemented . 	0
23560097702990	It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 	What is a tornado?to the AMS 2000 a tornado is Literally in order for a vortex to be classified as a tornado it must be in contact with the ground the cloud base . Weather scientists have not found it so simple in practice however to classify and define tornadoes . For example the difference is unclear between an strong mesocyclone parent thunderstorm circulation on the ground and a large weak tornado . There is also disagreement as to whether separate touchdowns of the same funnel constitute separate tornadoes . 	0
23570079902118	The only proper course of action in these cases is tomaynotlosingfind a new providermustnoludicrousareGET A NEW PROVIDER . Some providers who are not obviously size_phobic do have what be legitimate concerns about maternal caloric intake although it is important to remember that nothing is proven conclusively and the safety of restriction is not established either . 	Find out what sources are available for you whether you are a professional group or individual aiming to improve and expand your knowledge about diabetes its nature and treatment . The reason why today is care and treatment allows most people to live healthy active lives is due to . When a disease has no cure and tends to be long_term and recurring the most important weapon against it is knowledge . With continuing education diabetes patients can look forward to better treatment cost_effective care and improved health management_diabetescontinuing education . What is continuing education and why is it important . 	0
23580179402208	He confronts Jax who reveals Rains may have gotten away but Wynn had been found guilty of high treason and sabotage against his country and his God . He has been sentenced to two lifetimes and that he will be for the sentence . Before surgery on his brain begins Wynn questions his trial it is then revealed that he and presumably Dodd had been convicted had their memories erased and been put in the cube as observers or rats watching the rats as Jax shows him his consent form . 	If you do not respond to our email the order will not be processed . Fraudulent use of credit card numbers is immediately reported to our credit card service the issuing bank and appropriate legal authorities . For more information on international orders please email us at custcare_jaxwax_us _ top . What are your Payment Procedures . Is it secure . 	0
23590097702832	It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 1886 Sauk Rapids Tornado tornado Sauk Rapids St . Cloud Rice Minnesota April 14 1886 Iowa Kansas Missouri Texas outbreak . Contents edit Tornado . Destruction in Sauk Rapids after the tornado . At 4 00 p_m_ a tornado of approximately intensity cut through the heart of Sauk Rapids . It was one of at least four tornadoes that affected the region between 3 00 p_m . 5 00 p_m_ that day . It had a maximum width of 1 2 mile 0_8 km and was on the ground for 14 miles 22 km . As the storm moved across the it temporarily sucked it dry . 	NOAA is objective was to place the TOTO directly in the path of a tornado where it could theoretically record valuable information about the tornado is structure_TOtable Tornado Observatory The Wizard of Oz tornado Dr_ Al Bedard National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . TOTO was deployed several times during the 1980s but scientists repeatedly failed to position it for a direct hit . On TOTO was left near the edge of a developing tornado near . However it was merely blown over even though the tornado had relatively weak winds . Assumptions that TOTO could stand up to high winds turned out to be false . TOTO was retired in 1987 and is currently on display at the on the campus in . 	0
23600097702990	It destroyed much of the town of Sauk Rapids and killed 72 people along its path . It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 1886 Sauk Rapids Tornado tornado Sauk Rapids St . Cloud Rice Minnesota April 14 1886 Iowa Kansas Missouri Texas outbreak . Contents edit Tornado . Destruction in Sauk Rapids after the tornado . At 4 00 p_m_ a tornado of approximately intensity cut through the heart of Sauk Rapids . It was one of at least four tornadoes that affected the region between 3 00 p_m . 5 00 p_m_ that day . It had a maximum width of 1 2 mile 0_8 km and was on the ground for 14 miles 22 km . As the storm moved across the it temporarily sucked it dry . 	The intent here is to direct you to the best tornado info available . There is also a partial related to tornadoes for those with some meteorological education and training . The list of technical scientific references All images found in FAQ pages on this site must be public domain and not copyrighted . However credit MUST be given to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Department of Commerce unless instructed to give credit to the photographer or other source . Complete Tornado FAQ content is found at the . 	0
23610097700181	It is Minnesota is deadliest tornado on record . Other tornadoes on this day occurred in and suggesting the possibility of a large . 1886 Sauk Rapids Tornado tornado Sauk Rapids St . Cloud Rice Minnesota April 14 1886 Iowa Kansas Missouri Texas outbreak . Contents edit Tornado . Destruction in Sauk Rapids after the tornado . At 4 00 p_m_ a tornado of approximately intensity cut through the heart of Sauk Rapids . It was one of at least four tornadoes that affected the region between 3 00 p_m . 	Canada is ten deadliest individual tornadoes to June 2008 according to Environment Canada figures in the list are their accepted tallies have been . Regina Saskatchewan June 30 1912 28 dead hundreds injured . Edmonton Alberta July 31 1987 27 dead 300 injured . Windsor Ontario June 17 1946 17 dead . Pine Lake Alberta July 14 2000 12 dead 140 injured . Valleyfield Quebec August 16 1888 9 dead 14 injured . Windsor Ontario April 3 1974 9 dead 30 injured . Barrie Ontario May 31 1985 8 dead 155 injured . Sudbury Ontario August 20 1970 6 dead 200 injured . 	0
23620108500217	An age limit may be legally specified in the circumstance where age has been shown to be a reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the particular business BFOQ see . In practice BFOQs for age are limited to the obvious hiring a young actor to play a young character in a movie or when public safety is at stake for example in the case of age limits for pilots and bus drivers _ bona fide occupational qualifications 29 U_S_C . 	Tompkins County adds gender identity to its non_discrimination law . February 18 2004 Ithaca NY Here . Court Rules Rape Center Did Not Discriminate In Refusing TG Volunteer Decision . January 2 2004 Vancouver BC Here here . Oakland protects transgender people . Transgender people will be protected from discrimination under an ordinance adopted unanimously by the Oakland City Council on Tuesday night . December 20 2003 Oakland CA Here . School policy shields transgendered . StoryDecember 19 2003 Rochester NY here . The Gender Recognition Bill received its first reading in the House of Lords yesterday and is published today . 	0
23630017300189	The truth is that most pets get fat and lazy because their owners feed them too much and do not give them enough exercise_Fact . It is better to have one litter first_Myth . Medical evidence indicates just the opposite . In fact the evidence shows that females spayed before their first heat are typically healthier . Many veterinarians now sterilize dogs and cats as young as eight weeks of age . 	There are really only three places that you should get a dog from an animal shelter a breeder or a rescue organization . Typically dogs from shelters or rescue organizations are neutered or you will be required to neuter them as condition of purchase . The animal shelter is a good place to pick up a dog and save it from death in the bargain . 	0
23640010800257	For example Jewish people as a cultural group and a religious group differed from the dominant norm . Other groups were considered to be relatively unassimilable simply due to physical appearance . Asian Americans and African Americans for example were frequently judged by physical appearance alone even when their behavior was a mirror image of the dominant culture . 	They now insist that there is no inherent contradiction between allegiance to their own ethnic and cultural heritages and being an American . Instead these dual identities are complementary and should be respected and promoted . One of the most distinctive and salient traits of the United States is the way in which its incredible diversity has been fashioned into a unique culture that is a mosaic or synergy of elements from many cultures . 	0
23650063500908	The median income for a household in the city was 45 438 and the median income for a family was 49 276 . Males had a median income of 33 056 versus 24 583 for females . 	 History . The 1_45 acres of land on which our present day wetland sits has had a varied history . In the early 1950s the land on the East Side of the property was used as a mink fox farm owned by the Elkin brothers Fred and Wil . They sold the farm to the Howe family in 1952 . 	0
23660083102546	Archytas was born in now and was the son of Mnesagoras or Histiaeus . For a while he was taught by and was a teacher of mathematics to . 	In analysis he took derivatives of polynomial and trigonometric functions used Rolle is Theorem and anticipated integral calculus . In trigonometry which he valued for its own beauty as well as practical applications he developed spherical trig and was first to present the identity a b a b b a sinsincossincos . 	0
23670063500908	The median income for a household in the city was 45 438 and the median income for a family was 49 276 . Males had a median income of 33 056 versus 24 583 for females . 	Some of the old pasture fence is still standing in the center of the wetland area surrounded by creeping buttercup and elderberry bushes . When the new school was built in 1992 the building site was a wet meadow . Through a mitigation process the school district created a replacement wetland on the East Side of the new school . This fenced_in area is our existing wetland . We created two trails to be used as outdoor classrooms to enhance the environmental curriculum of our school . 	0
23680011900139	The reason for their leaving was twofold . First the Greys obtained the information necessary to begin the repair of their own genetic problems . This information came as a result of the Ascension process and genetic restructuring that the human form is currently undergoing on Earth . 	Orogeny and orogenesis are derived from the Greek words meaning mountain and meaning born . Orogeny can also have a time connotation when used in naming periods of intense tectonic activity and mountain building whilst orogenesis is only used to describe the process . 	0
23690010800257	Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . NONCULTURAL IDENTITY GROUPS AND DIVERSITY . Cultural diversity as used here does not include diversity based on noncultural identity groups . While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	An education free of inherited biases with freedom to explore other perspectives and cultures inspired by the goal of making children sensitive to the plurality of the ways of life different modes of analyzing experiences and ideas and ways of looking at history found throughout the world Parekh 1986 pp . 2627 . A humanistic concept based on the strength of diversity human rights social justice and alternative lifestyles for all people it is necessary for a quality education and includes all efforts to make the full range of cultures available to students it views a culturally pluralistic society as a positive force and welcomes differences as vehicles for better understanding the global society ASCD Multicultural Education Commission in Grant 1977b p . 3 . An approach to teaching and learning based upon democratic values that foster cultural pluralism in its most comprehensive form it is a commitment to achieving educational equality developing curricula that builds understanding about ethnic groups and combatting oppressive practices Bennett 1990 . 	0
23700010803142	Moreover individuals with strong prejudices against certain groups may find rapidly changing demographics in the workforce threatening either because they find change itself disquieting or because they hold a position they feel they might not be able to maintain if groups historically excluded from their workplace were allowed to compete in an unhindered way for their positions . NONCULTURAL IDENTITY GROUPS AND DIVERSITY . Cultural diversity as used here does not include diversity based on noncultural identity groups . While arguably sexual orientation or differences in ability such a case is often made for the deaf community for example may act as a cultural difference they are not traditionally viewed as a culture per se and so exceed the scope of this discussion . 	LINC aims to provide social justice and diversity education programming among other efforts_It works to cultivate a shared vision for diversity initiatives at Lafayette in order to promote an inclusive environment that values mutual understanding respect cultural sensitivity and a strong socio_cultural academic community_Farinon Marlo Room East Sept . 10th 12pm . LINC Meeting . The block party is sponsored by the Office of the Dean of Students Lafayette Intercultural Network Council Office of Recreation Services and the Arts Society with support from the Department of Athletics Maroon Club and the Office of Residence Life . The campus community is going to get creative this weekend as music dance art activities food and drink highlight the seventh annual Block party . A wide range of festivities will take place leading up to the 6 p_m_ kickoff of Lafayette is first home night football game . 	0
